Group Members: Yanhua Yang, Janese Anderson, Van Nugwaien, YingHong Yuan

Art104

Raphael Arar

Nov.07.2019
				
        Design Fiction: Bioengineering - Designer Baby (Draft)

Introduction

Bioengineering has become a technology with great advances, especially in Genome editing has become a possibility with the first genome editing technology introduced in the late 1900s. In 2009, a new genome editing was created called clustered regularly interspaced short palindromic repeats and CRISPR- associated protein 9, CRISPR-Cas9 for short. This development in technology allows humans to edit strands of DNA to prevent and treat diseases. However, this technology can also be used for more than that. What if people can start designing their offspring. They can have a baby without diseases and even better maybe women would not have to go through the pain of giving birth. This is exactly what JianKui, a Chinese scientist did. He was a Chinese scientist who through his idea for a company that would genetically engineer children to resist heart attacks, HIV, and other health problems led him to create the world’s first gene-edited babies. JianKui, however, broke several ethnic guidelines in the science community to achieve this. The science community was outraged by his unethical conduct. Besides the ethical and legal problems with this issue, now the possibility of growing your own designer baby has become a reality, the world needs to rethink their values on this. Should humans be able to genetically modify their children so that they are resistant to certain diseases or even look a certain way? What are the problems that could arise if this were approved by society? Being able to change someone’s genetic is a powerful tool. In which situations could this be allowed? Although this could bring a future of a healthier, prettier, more powerful generation of humans, it could be taken advantage of as well. What if these engineered babies were used as a product, a commodity in which people could buy and use them as they’d like. In this paper, we will discuss the creation of designer babies and the possible impacts it could have on future societies. 

Background - Jian Kui story and Cons Of Bioengineering

Jian Kui was a Chinese scientist, who through his idea for a company that would genetically engineer children to resist heart attack, HIV, and other health problems, led him to create the world's first gene-edited babies. Jian Kui had hoped to “turn designer humans into a medical tourism business” Later he shocked the scientific and general world by announcing that he had edited the DNA of twin girls using gene engineering technology CRISPR  in an attempt to make them immune to HIV. The effects this will have on the twins cannot be known until they have grown up. The cons of this bioengineering experiment are great.  Since Jian Kui refused and even pushed away supervision it is ethical to say that he had potentially used unsafe and ineffective gene-editing methods on the children during the gene-editing process. As they grow the children's bodies may start to reject the altered genes and this could cause defects in or on their bodies. This experiment may also have done the exact opposite and opened the twins up to be more susceptible to heart attacks, HIV or any other health problems. Jian Kui violated state laws by doing this without permission, going behind the nations back and crossed the natural order of life line for personal fame fortune. You may ask, what if someone was able to get permission? what if they did what Jian did but with supervision:? I say there would be cons with this as well. Bioengineering food is one thing but bioengineering a fetus or a child's DNA is another. If someone did this they will be taking away that child’s rights,  the human’s rights. I ask, why bioengineer people? or why not put all this effort of bioengineering into finding a solution to heart attacks, a cure for HIV, something for everyone who is already here.

Bioengineering another human being is inhumane and violates the natural order of life.  Changing a human's DNA can cause more harm than good.  this risk that Jian Kui took to bioengineer these kids may not result in a good thing. He could have potentially ruined their lives before they even got to live them.  I believe that the human body should not be altered. we should be born with our natural looks and natural immune systems. Scientists should be working on cures for the masses that are already here,  solutions to the big killers out there, AIDS cancer, heart attacks, etc.

Why the science community was upset with it (About design baby)

The science community was upset with the design baby in terms of interfering with nature because it will change the  diverse ecosystem and creating more poverty because it is only available for riches. It is easy to find many hospitals providing artificial insemination to choose genders and ensure 100% succeed. It is not new; when China has a law to control the occurrence of this situation, many people seek an international agency to make it happen outside the country such as America in my city Shenzhen, China because of the men dominated society. When people try to get what they want regardless of changing the natural fertilization will cause many problems. For example, one of my friends is working at a company which provides the service. People who can afford the payment can give birth in America by artificial insemination to choose the gender. It is legal and reasonable in America. In the article Pros and Cons of Genetic Engineering written by conserve-energy-future claims that genetic engineering can design skin, hair, eyes colours, and extend people's longevity to change the whole natural ecosystem. Scientists were practising with this through rats. Only by turning little genes, the offsprings of black rats became white rats. It would be another more dangerous way to change nature. People who live in another country might want to improve the skin colour of their offsprings in order not to experience discrimination or get more opportunities in any other circumstances, which is just like doing cosmetic surgery. The same article also mentions that genetic engineering can extend longevity. It has been happening in japan past and now. Many Japanese use medicines to help them to live longer. The problems are that Japan is a small territorial country with limiting human resources and natural resources as well. The population imbalance causes insufficient medical service resources during the shortage of younger workers. In the same article, Pros and Cons of Genetic Engineering say that gene therapy is only accessible by the rich and elite. That's undoubtedly to create more poverty when few people are more intelligent and skilful to get what they wanted. For example, the higher education people get, the more chances they have than regular people. Education is one way to lead people to be more competent and intelligent as well because they tend to work with high-level functioning jobs with higher incomes such as scientists and politicians. By contrast, people with lower educational situation mostly have low-level jobs with more modest salaries such as truck driver or ushers, which results in their younger generation have limited resources or family education. Therefore, genetic engineering is a potential process to damage the nature of people's lives while creating more social problems.


Future ramifications of bioengineering humans
………………………………………………………


Conclusion
……………………………………………………...
