Response:

This week's reading was an interesting set. There were a couple of sections that caught my attention, the first one being "The Quick Addiction." This was the first time I heard about the comparison of obsession of physical objects versus the obsession with ideas. I never would have thought to think about how society has slowly shifted their mindset into wanting more content, which can all be easily and quickly accessed through the internet. I've noticed that we tend to react more when we see a 404 page or a blue screen rather than if we couldn't receive some sort of physical object. For example, a couple of weeks ago, my aunt bought a toy for my younger cousin because you used to be interested in collecting it, but when she gave it to him he actually ended up asking if she could get him an iTunes gift card instead so that he could buy more currency for a game he had been playing on the iPad. Clearly, it didn't bode well for him since she bought him the toy already. My point is, it's really fascinating seeing how much more people love digital content and the accessibility of it. I have to admit, I had my moments where I grew really frustrated when my wi-fi router would stop working randomly, putting me in a bad mood the rest of the night. Another topic I found interesting was the section titled, "Variable Identity." I never considered that after creating a screen name (admittedly, my first one was "animerulz96") that I've suddenly made an opportunity for a new identity. Although, at the time when I made that screen name, I was still myself because it was meant for AOL/AIM and I would be chatting with my friends, who already knew who I was. But I can see how easy it is to hide behind a screen and be somebody else. People do this everyday and unfortunately, it can lead to cyber bullying. My question is, what if the system starts to develop into using legal/truthful names/labels all the time, no matter what application is being used. What if anything you sign up for, you can't make nicknames anymore. That means there would probably be multiple users of the same name, so probably they would ask you to upload a photo of yourself, like a passport photo. Websites like Reddit, Imgur, Tumblr, BlogSpot, etc. would be very different. Would people still be so trusting and dependent if it was such a case? If more personal information is slowly and subtly being asked for (i.e. entertainment websites could start asking for driver's license ID or SSN to verify identity), how much longer would we continue to use the internet or other digital applications?It's overwhelming sometimes; living a simple life would be so great...but then again I enjoy watching YouTube videos so I'll keep at it. The last section I wanted to mention was "The Body." Reading this got me to sit up straight for as long as I was reading it. After that, I think my body naturally starting slumping over the laptop again. And when I say "natural," I mean my body has physically grown accustomed to this sort of disfigurement. I guess the actual, natural way of sitting (up straight) has now become something new, which I need to re-teach my body to get used to. It's interesting to point out that our bodies have grown to accommodate/adapt to technology rather than the other way around. They say the purpose of cell phones are to small and portable, but looking at them today, Smartphones can be pretty big in size and they can also be fragile. But we still get them and our hands become so used to the size that when we compare it to a slightly smaller one, we become shocked at how "small" the phone is (ex: iPhone plus vs regular iPhone). Also, we have to accommodate with how fragile the phone is. We have to make sure we take good care of it (buying other accessories for protection), otherwise the screen will crack. Shouldn't these things be made to handle portability and mobility? Like the Nokia 3310 (the 2000 version).
