# Identify Yourself

Identify Yourself put me into a deep reflection of how I have a deeply intertwined connection to my electronic devices. In the first part of the article I thought it was going to be more about AI, and I did appreciate the ideas on AI that were presented. For example the idea that there is a difference between decision and choice, and that only humans can make a choice. I find this to be actually much more complicated under the hood when I really think about it. A question that arises when thinking about what it means to make a choice as a human is what does it mean to be human? It would seem that a human is a bipedal upright figure that evolved from apes and maybe has some advance intelligence at least relative to other land animals on Earth. However when thinking about AI and the potential for AI to rapidly evolve if it were to be set up in reflection of human evolution, then what might limit it from understanding choice? The body is not just a vessel o fit human mind but I believe it is deeply connected to who we are, and I was excited to read more about how Krystal South felt about social networks, and the virtual body. She didn’t hold back from critiquing social media and the historical review of how we got hook to online chats was very interesting. I found myself feeling like the author was describing me when South gave a breakdown of how an artist functions online. When I was in high school I had a lot of insecurities like many teenagers and I found comfort in promoting my art on my social media instead of myself. I attributed the likes on my paintings to the social status of my real life relationships. I realized I was producing art that wasn’t for me and I stopped selling paintings that weren’t already mine from concept and I deleted all my social media accounts. I sometimes wonder if removing my online presence was a good thing or the right choice. To be honest I don’t really care because I am happier because of it. Is it a blissful ignorance? Perhaps but South seems to agree that the blissful ignorance is to have an online presence and not know that it is consuming you. I do believe though that there is a way to have a healthy relationship with your online identity and your physical life. Which is to use both to mesh the best of both in a way that evolves to be as efficient as possible. In the same way English has evolved online to have a universal syntax for online communication. I found it even more interesting however that perhaps for the first time in history a group of people living in the same  community can have a different dialect online in their virtual communities. It is interesting to think that our online personas may actually be in some way a more honest version of ourselves. Without getting into the fetishes South describes in the article, I do think that maybe the online world for some of us is a place where we can all be honest, more honest than most of are in real life maybe, in a way it perpetuates the dishonesty and disingenuous signaling that happens in both the physical and online worlds. In another way the Internet can give a light to the dying of another for someone lost in their physical world. It’s the question of the influence of the virtual being a net positive or a net negative, but I think its still to early, in the same way I had to move on from the high school dependencies, we have to move on from our collective ones to face the reality of tomorrow and today's deeply connected world. 
