**Reading Seven**

In the reading of this week, ‘Identify Yourself' by Krystal South, he discusses how digital networks have transformed our societal structure and reshaped our internal self. This topic very close to today's society, especially in my generation. Such as Krystal said in the article, it's an addiction, digital produce already imperceptible influence us. Also, Krystal notes the importance of the internet to our lives and how it has affected our identity. From the article, it is evident that mobile devices have revamped how we consume information. For this reason, people have argued that access to these devices has created some level of impatience. While that may be true, it reveals our internal hunger. As such, we can note that the informational experiences controlled by machines have changed the way we think and live.
In addition, we tend to create machines to compensate for the deficiencies we possess, and software helps translate our ideas into the language of machines. As such, the internet and social media may be of higher value in shaping our identity. Besides, the internet helps shape the public persona.  One can take a specific persona for a single day or for a specific period to pass a message. Social media allows us to choose a name and create an imaginary brand. Also, it serves as a mirror that we look at to find ways of identifying ourselves. 
Having looked at the internet and identity, I can relate it with today's art because social networks can enable an individual to find an artist and later create an easy conversation. It gives more opportunity to communicate and interact with the audience as an artist. Besides, social media can facilitate an endless sorting of artists into social networks based on how they execute their work. In addition, artists can quickly source finances from the internet sources and get their identity through the internet sources while others may identify with each other through online images.
