## Reading 7: Identify Yourself

The "Quick Addiction" is an interesting section because it talks about how we now want to essentially keep on learning new things. Whether they be useful or not we just want to always be intaking new information because we now have the ability to do so, because of our ability to use our mobile devices to connect to the internet. It talks about how our hunger for material things could possibly have shifted to a hunger of ideas/things we want to learn about because we see them on the internet.

In "This Artifact" it discusses how we now rely on always having our experiences recorded in one way or another that we tend to not live in the moment. A great example is being at a concert and people using their phones to record the moment rather than just being in the moment and using their memory as the way to record what they are seeing. 

With the use of the internet it has never been easier to find those who are interested/are working on the same art you are. The formation of groups that have similar interests has never  been easier and it makes it easier to get your work as an artist out and recognized. "Art Set" is touching upon how as artists the exculusive connections needed to be apart of galleries and things of the sort are much easier to acquire because of the internet. 

>“Meeting them made me realize that I had seen them truly online, even their alt identities, that they had allowed me see them this way. They matched up in their physical selves, with all of their quirks and idiosyncrasies.:”
I agree heavily with this quote from "The Public Veil". It is true that you could meet someone on the internet and they may or may not have an alt  identity, but they still give you real information about who they really are. And sometimes you do end up meeting those people you talked to with online and the connection transfers from the internet to IRL. I can give an example of me meeting my best friend. I met her through a chat that was started on twitter. We split from the chat, but we continued to talk and that lead to us getting extremely close. We finally got the chance to meet at a festival and it has been amazing since then. We interacted with one another IRL as if we had met before, but in reality it was our first time meeting. The connection we built online was real and true and thus it was able to transfer to real life and now we are still best friends. 

"Variable Identity" talks about how online we get the chance to have an identity that we create as new. It could be compared to creating a new character in a video game. It comes with no restrictions and you can choose to make your identity anything you want. This new opportunity is entirely up to you and you can choose to root it to your actual self or not. 

The loops of feedback are becoming more and more prevalent in our lives day by day. We continue to become more attached to how many likes we acquire and how many people have seen a video or a post. "The Gaze" is the section that goes into how as a society the need to get a form of feedback on something we do is increasing. It has never been higher and I believe it will continue to increase. I truly believe this isn't the best thing because it leads to people living their lives through this feedback rather than doing what they truly enjoy and getting the feedback in a more natural way. 

"System Search" is a fairly simple section to the read. I agree that there is unlimited information to be acquired from the internet. You just have to know how to look for said information. 

"The Accidental Audience" ties back to the section “The Gaze”. To some extent this is true that some artists create art because they have an audience to create it form. But I still do believe that most artists create art first and then they about their audience. They are more focused on their work and thus have less time to care about the audience they want. However, if the feedback loops continue to go as they are artist will then begin to need to have an audience in order to create art rather than create art to have an audience. 

Overall, this reading is really interesting because of how it is talking about internet. I almost 100% agree with it. There are certain parts I am iffy about but for the most part I agree. The internet is increasingly becoming an essential part of how we live and the times with out connection to the internet is completely over. The younger generations have had a connection since the day they were born. This leads to the ideas discussed in this reading. 
