This reading was actually a lot easier to read and understand, as well as the fact that I thought it was a fun read. At first, I was like “this is gonna take forever” and “why is this reading sooo long?” but once I read that first paragraph the rest was history before I knew it I was done with the reading and found myself wanting to read another paragraph or 3. After this reading, I took two main topics that I personally feel the need to write about.

The first topic has to do with Joseph Weizenbaums quote “We should never allow computers to make important decisions because computers will always lack human qualities such as compassion and wisdom.” I fully agree with Weizenbaum, machines should never make important decisions. This is one of the reasons why companies build machines for the consumer to receive answers for everyday questions or problems, not high profile or vital questions. For example, the president can ask Siri if he should get another tan or lose weight but the president can not ask Siri to make a decision on whether or not to give the go-ahead to wage war on another country. Big life-changing decisions like that should not be left up to a compassionless machine.

The second topic I would like to cover is the immediate judgment people give when they see someone on their phone. I wish people would understand that not every person on their cellphone is on social media, is a mindless person or cares more for their phones than their or others' safety. In paragraph 4 of the left column, it is stated that “From seeing new television shows to enjoying free, immediate access to new scientific publications that could impact your life’s work, this rapid transmission model has meaning and changes lives. We have access to information when we are waiting for an oil change and in line for coffee. While we can choose to consume web junk, as many often will, there is also a wealth of human understanding and opinions, academic texts, online causes, and library archives that can be accessed day and night, often for free” Now I understand that a good percentage of people that are walking around or sitting down on their phones are on some type of social media but not all. I mostly use my cell to read, I love books and have a large personal collection of them at home but most of them are thick books that I do not like to lug around every day. This is why I love reading on my phone, but from the outside looking in others do not see that all they see is another youngster on their cell phone. Others, mostly older people, are so quick to judge those on their cell phones. Take my father, for example, when he sees me or my siblings on our phones he always comments things like “On that phones again?”, “If you weren't on your phone [this] wouldn't happen”, or “Get rid of them phones”.I understand that he is old school and more of a call than text type of person but geez give us a break. Anyway, I hope that in the near future others will understand that cell phones are not only used for social media but for us to access tons of information having to do with our society or even our world.

