Computer Impact on Human Identity</p>
The advent of internet and computers has impacted society and in the process influenced human sense of identity. Over the years, communication and information technologies have immensely altered work habits, education, and achievement of individual and collective goals. In the contemporary world, technology is vital, and computer illiteracy deletes some people from the current human experience. However, the Internet has greatly contributed to loss of identity and cultural erosion. A review of Identify Youerself by Krystal South foregrounds the tragedy of allowing computers to make important human decisions as they lack empathy, compassion, and wisdom. </p>
Privacy helps people maintain their individuality and anonymity, but introduction of technology has led to culmination of privacy related issues. A while back, people preferred living in privacy, and this gave them a sense of identity, for instance, when making phone calls people would go to secluded places to avoid being overhead or appearing disrespectful. On the contrary, South postulates that today you can sit in a bus and hear people talk about intimate matters. Most people post their details on social media channels like YouTube, Whatsapp, Facebook, and MySpace such that you can access their personal information at any given time. People should limit the amount of information they post on the internet to reduce the prevalence of abduction or bullying. In addition, some level of privacy helps one to critically solve issues instead of exposing them to masses online who have varying solutions, most of which are flawed.</p>
Additionally, use of internet has contributed to loss of our identity in the sense that it is rewriting our history. South avers that before the establishment of internet, information about historical events was only available in books and was a preserve of the holders of the history. For instance, facts on the Red Indians who were an indigenous community in America or that of John F Kennedy, the 35th president of the United States could only be found in books. Today, what researchers stumble upon in the internet is what they compile, regardless of whether it is correct, hence rewriting history and culture of countries and allowing minorities to access important facts about their lineage. While such level of exposure to information is progressive, students and researchers are encouraged to study broadly to ensure what they put in writing is factual, reliable, and verifiable.
</p>
Before the introduction of technology, media such as newspaper, television, and radio united people and inaugurated ties between families and friends. South explains that popularization of the internet has rendered social media an indispensable part of human life with adverse impacts on social relationships- a fundamental part of human life. Media has led to lowered status of the elderly as most are now disrespected and isolated. A century ago, finding a family telling stories over dinner was not peculiar. Through these stories, young generations were allowed a chance to identify with their culture, history, and traditions. However, with the dawn of computer era and in particular the social media, relationships have suffered greatly, as families no longer have time for socialization and discussion on current issues because they are always engrossed in their gadgets. Neighborhood is also not as valued as it used to be before the internet. South argues that people possess more information about their online friends than their immediate neighbors who would be of more importance in case of emergencies. Technology should be used wisely to ensure healthy relationships among family and friends.
</p>
Technological advancement is important but should not lead to identity crisis or loss of the much valued human experience and social norms. Parents and teachers should stress the need of protecting identities, because they act as a reminder of our social world. Parents should act as role models to their children in teaching them the importance of social relationships, and how media addiction could affect basic human functionalities. Additionally, guardians can set rules to minimize the amount of time spent online. With such initiatives, humans can grow in tandem with technology without compromising key social pillars. </p>
