In Krystal South’s essay “Identify Yourself”, she discusses what makes up your identity and how it is influenced by your online presence. She starts off by stating that computers should not be capable of making human decisions because they lack human qualities such as emotions. She references Josh Wereubalm the creator of Eliza and how he views deciding vs choice. Any computer can decide something but it takes human abilities to make a choice. When making a choice you are weighing different options and the outcomes of each while taking into account how it will affect yourself as well as others. This is a key concept of how we define ourselves; by the choices we make in life and how we come about making these choices. This brings a unique factor into human life that can not be replicated through technology. South brings up how others perceive us and if that is a part of our identity as well. If this is the case then we can be identified by social media and how we show ourselves online. People are very quick to judge off of a first impression and if that impression is vital, that is how others will identify you. This makes me question the difference between your online profile and how you come off in person. Each are important but they can be extremely different. Does this mean we have two separate identities or even entire different personalities based on how we are interacting. A virtual conversation has a different essence than talking in real life and this makes me believe that we each have different personalities based on the platform we choose to communicate on based on how we interact with that platform. The internet is also much faster pace than the real world and since we have used the internet for information we have become addicted to new information. Before the internet, we read all of the news in one place but now we can filter through it and have it targeted based on our interests. This has led to internet/ social media addiction and the feeling of always wanting to see what is happening next. The ability to only receive the news you are interested in is a crazy idea and makes me question whether it is a good or bad thing. On one hand you are able to absorb information the fastest based on your life style but would it be considered censoring your life? Only reading about what you already care about based on who you follow or your past search history. This seems to limit your knowledge and put a hold on a well rounded view of the world. However, the internet can help expand your mindset as well. South explains how she has found some of her favorite people online and she wouldn't have discovered them without the internet. This proves that the internet can also be used as a stepping stone for new relationships  and can help you discover new interests as well. 
