# Reading Response 7
## Identify Yourself by Krystal South

I was reading *"Identify Yourself"* as I learned that there was a power outage that is coming to San Jose. It was quite funny, as I was reading through the intro part where it says how we've extended our lives to technology, one of the people who stood near me said out loud *" Oh no! If we have power outage...that means Internet towers or cell reception towers won't work. We have to leave without the internet for a few days!"* This is like a living proof to show that we rely on technology too much. We spend our lives depend on technology, from personal use such as directions to the workforce where we have AI sort through mountains of resumes. We depend so much on it that when it breaks, we break too. 

> We feel phantom vibrations in our pockets or as we drift off to sleep at night. We hear an alert and we all check our devices to see who got the message. The sounds are ubiquitous and we allow them to interrupt our most private moments

I have a friend name X. X and I grew up together. We know each other since elementary school and back then, we always spend time together making art & crafts, watching Disney Channel, drawing, hanging out at the park. This was before we have massive access to the internet, this was before I moved away. After 7 years of not seeing each other, I have recently visited her. Our hang out session wasn't the same as before. It wasn't about how we've grown up into adults, or that we've been apart from each other. It was because of technology and the internet, instead of connecting us, has separated us. She was glued to the phone and constantly checking Instagram every minute. It was fascinating to me how we were next to each other, but there was no connection. X has more connections and relationships inside the tiny device and forgot the real connection which was in front of her. This reading makes me realize how the technology and the internet have slowly blinding us from reality, and slowing painting us ideal pictures that make us forget who we are. 

One of the things that relate to me most in this reading is when it talks about the internet and anxiety. Chatting and texting have changed how we communicate. Every reply stays there, holding on to the emotion that we want it to hold. *"...there is no facial expression, no closeness, no intonation, emphasis, space. The pain of receiving a ‘K’ or thumbs-up emoji response to an outpouring of emotion is familiar."* For example, sometimes I would receive a text that was shorter than usual from my boyfriend, I feel anxious. If he "seen" my message but doesn't reply, I feel anxious. I plant so many questions in my head if I've done anything wrong. For the longest time, I thought it was me that was crazy. I sometimes identify myself as a crazy girlfriend. Recently, I've discovered that I'm not crazy, the Internet made me crazy.


