Who am I? Before digital presence how did people define who they were? By the books they read? By the friends they had? How other people saw them when they hung out? Now adays there are many different ways in which a person can prsent themselves. Especially with social media, we now all have profiles that shows at least our names (which all can be edited.)I think this is something so intersting because it is something that I have living around. A lot of times I want to say "in real life" or when we are "away from the keyboard" we have several identities that are presented to the world. There is the me when I'm with my family, my friends, with classmate, and my coworkers. In ever different situation i feel as if a different version of me is presented. This is somewhat is the same on the different social media platforms. For example on Facebook I have mostly my family and coworkers on here I almost never post, keeping it to myself. I use it mainly as a tool to stay some what connected but not involved with any other of these virtual friends. I am more careful about things I post or say on here. There is instagram which portrays a different part of my life. On here I post cute selfies, photography work to achieve a "nice feed" Interstingly enough this platform has also been more of something that just stays on the screen it has actually provided me some work. Thanks to my feed, I have been able to get a sponsorship from Victoria Secret in which all I do is post pictures in their products. I think this is so intersting to think that jobs and opportunities can be created through social media. My instagram includes follows for people I consider friends and others who I draw information on. I portray the best versions of myself on this social media platform. I think in a lot of way it shapes my identity and how people see me.Then the last major social media platform in my life is Twitter. I actually think Twitter is the most accurate representation of how I am as a person, showcasing my interest and humor. Although my Twitter is completely public, for some reason this platform just feels much more personal and some how gives me a freedom to just tweet things as I feel and like without any filter. Twitter is something I use with the cloest of my friends, people who know what my interests are including weird humor or other things. It is not to say these versions of myself are fake or not real. They are all real parts of my realself. In a lot of ways even though I would like to believe that the internet is not tangible with my life outside from what is virtual these two things are very much connected. In the same way I present myself and have different identities that make who I am up in life away from the virtual world, I also have the same experience through the virutal word throguh social media.
