First, I enjoyed inserted the picture in the reading. I felt they are like arts have more powerful than words to explain the ideas about this topic. 

Their many points are valuable, and I do not know how to describe my feelings now. Social media or internet facilitate our lives while destroying our lives. I am going to use my way to explain my opinions： comparison. 

First, the internet transmits information far and fast. People who are living in remote areas would have equal opportunities to reach many online resources and knowledge from outside their world. Ethiopia can sell coffee through the internet to over the world. The internet can help their business and lead them to have a better life. Many women, who are raising their children would do some SOHO business at home without giving up their career entirely. People who are disabilities can learn college classes without going to school. We knew many children are living under the property, and many people help them by mailing them goods or fundings. We can keep in touch with the world without costing air tickets. Whether there have a natural disaster or infectious diseases, people can get noticed immediately without causing more problems. I can talk and see my mom from more than ten thousand distance. We rely on the internet can not live without.
How to maintain a healthy internet platform is a question. What should be conservative to be developed in order not to overlap the valuable information? How parents should be strict with their behaviour of using technology devices because they are role models. They are mirrors of their younger generation. The younger generation would consider getting food from the 3D printing should be a regular process if their parents use everything from the internet without taking severe concerns. How they post their information first to think about other people's feeling or what are some impacts, either good or bad. 

Second, the internet destroys people's life. I think the most important is the mainstream value have been subverted. I am still trying to adapt it because I like to talk with people to get real interaction. I used to ask people about some daily things to make my life easier, such as how to get some places, how to make the food. Now, I barely ask people for anything because they are too busy to answer. I do not want to embarrass myself. I go to the internet and ask Google, so I do not feel guilty about spending other people's time. Sometimes, I tell people some of my experience. They suddenly open the laptop and google it to make sure if I was lying to them. It seemed they are more trust internet than their friends. They may want to live their life more levelheaded, but some experience just a unique experience for a particular moment of a single person. I am not sure how they need to find evidence to support them. We were making a conversation. I am confused about the present situation we are living in. I prefer to talk something in person to get more information and easy my life but not google. We do not need to spend any money to speak a few words to other people rather than finding sources from the internet such as 1 plus 1 equals 2. Life is more complicated than I used to live. A hacker has invaded my internet for three years; I deleted all my pictures and official accounts, even musical app. I do not have time to make friends due to my study. I felt I do not have anyone to talk, and I could not get any information from outside the world excepting my textbook. Yes, this is a choice, not an accident. I sometimes felt anxiety because people value other people is about how many informational resources they can share, but what kind of person they are. I try to get some new app or post something to define that I am on the same page with anyone else. I am not different from anyone else, because it is hard to make friends if they consider you know anything new about the internet. You must have something to be utilized. It is a sense of value we have now. I tried to get some information about if the phone has radiation, but I did not find reliable resources. I do not think this data will be published 
