Identify Yourself by Krystal South is successful in making the reader understand the relationship between humans and the internet. It identifies the rapidly shifting environment that the internet is and explores the different works that have resulted from the dynamics. The article reiterates that the internet is essentially a tool of communication which if effectively utilized can lead to accelerated human development and accomplishment. The text has exposed to me the potential that is the internet-centered galleries. I agree that the internet is a collective knowledge database where those interested could get to understand the indexical nature of the internet. I concur that any information is available to me through the internet and my creativity and skill that goes towards my art is unbound. 
The article does expose concerns that I share. As noted, we have imposed our language onto the machine creating syntaxes that are as close to the normal language as possible but instead we have begun to adopt machine language. Similarly, I give credence to the addiction that have become computers and our phones causing dread at the thought of losing connection with our online personas. We have continued to be plugged in, always listening, always watching, and always seeking feedback. Finally, the issue of privacy and lack of deterrents from having your personal information publicized without your consent is alarming. In conclusion, I am of the similar belief that the extension of real life into these virtual reality creates a desire to input into the system and could result in unmanageable lives of self-harm, addiction and harm of others. In conclusion, I agree that the same way that our data is easily accessible online, the device that is the internet has been left to its own control. 
