Reading Response #7

In the reading of this week, I read about the difference between the human and the machine. In recent years, with the great development of technology, people begin to concern about the machine will instead of humans someday. The topics like this are around us not only in the newspaper, even in my home. Many people worry about losing their jobs and being replaced by machines. Although the appearance of machine really helps to develop and build our world better, but machine is machine, it can never replace human. There are some sentences I strongly agree, the author explains why machine can not replace human is because machine lacks such qualities as human sympathy and wisdom and so on. This allows the machine to follow certain instructions while working, but it will not be flexible changes according to changes in things. “Deciding is a computational activity, something that can ultimately be programmed. Choice, however, is the product of judgment, not calculation. It is the capacity to choose that ultimately makes us human.”（paragraph 1), the author writes. In the real world which we live in, there are many decisions we make are according to our experience. This is the reason why knowing history is important for us, it makes us no make the same wrong decision again. However, machine has no memory, only work by following the instruction.

Despite the great differences between human beings and machines, but we can not deny the contribution of science and technology to society. Also, we can not ignore the inseparability of human beings and technology in this era. For example, the author states the importance of internet, he writes, " has allowed us access to knowledge we would have otherwise never known, at a rate that we could have never achieved with printed materials. Each tool that we have developed to spread information has exponentially increased the speed at which it travels, leading to bursts of creativity and collaboration that have accelerated human development and accomplishment."Indeed, the internet provides humans with a fast way to gain information and also provides huge resources on it. Technology participates in the value that people give to the world, and even the position and value of people themselves in the constructed world. Internet technology is a technology based on the values of freedom and democracy. In the presupposition structure of this technology, there is no traditional authority, no traditional taboos, everyone is equal, speak freely, be free and have no scruples. No matter how old or young people are, the generation gap is no longer a gap, and the isolation of space is no longer an obstacle. All kinds of understanding and viewpoints can confront freely here, and all kinds of ideas and ideas can be exchanged freely. However, the new era and world constructed by the Internet is as described by Charles Dickens, the great British writer of the nineteenth century, in The Tales of Two Cities: "This is the best and the worst era". What we can do now is to find our position accurately from space and time as soon as possible, to find our future direction in the digital world constructed by the Internet, to abandon everything that does not belong to trend and logic, and finally to achieve the balance between "I" and "We" in the integration of reality and fiction.
