Various scholars have expressed their opinions on the role of artificial intelligence (AI) in today’s world. While some argue that AI may replace human beings in all aspects, others claim that there are several functions that AI cannot perform, however sophisticated it may be. South, in her book, “Identify yourself,” brings a vital discussion on the roles AI plays, and how the modern world has been shaped by the advent of the Internet and modern technology. I completely agree with South’s position that no computer or any kind of AI can replace human wisdom and compassion. However, with its pervasiveness and increasing capabilities, AI is a vital and disturbing concern of today.  The interesting themes discussed in this work are artificial intelligence, the emergence of the Internet and its effects on humans, brands, and addiction.

The author starts by focusing on the argument of whether artificial intelligence can really replace human beings. Her position is that AI is controlled by humans, lacks natural feelings such as empathy, and does not have the wisdom to do what human beings can. It is true that AI may be much quicker than humans, but the fact still remains that it is controlled by mathematical configurations which dictate everything it does. 

Various intriguing ways in which the emergence and development of the Internet have changed people’s way of life are indicated by South. For instance, she talks about the evolution of languages by which Internet users find themselves using new words like “LOL” in real conversations outside the Internet. Her argument on how the Internet dictates people’s common way of communication is completely true. On the same note, it is worth mentioning that the Internet has indeed turned people into objects, as South puts it. Individuals share a lot of knowledge via the Internet, and this has made them avid for more Internet information. 

The theme of brand is discussed by South. She shows how the twentyfirst century is full of people looking for fame, the kind termed online celebrity. On the same note, there has been an increase in personal brands not only among the celebrities themselves, but also among companies and institutions using the Internet, to increase their engagements and target local and international audiences. 

Addiction is another vital theme which cannot be excluded from the reading. She mentions that with the rise of the Internet, users have become excessively addicted to the material shared on the Internet. The information consumed on the internet may vary from one person to the other, but the fact remains that almost all active users of the Internet depend, in one way or the other, on the information sent via the Internet. With such increased rates of addiction, it is true that the productivity level of the current generation may be reduced. It is truly stated that people who spend most of their time on the Internet ultimately focus too much on the social media channels instead of going outside and working on something which may change their own lives. 

Artificial intelligence, with its immense potential and potency to enhance as well as worsen human life, is a controversial topic. Each individual may have his or her opinion on it.  South provides a clear elaboration on crucial themes such as AI, emergence of the Internet and its effects on humans, the theme of brand, and finally, addiction. The vistas opened for us by her insights are quite thought provoking and even troubling.  
