**Reading Response #10**

Irony. The greatest invention in human rhetoric since the dawn of man. Irony is simply the difference between what is to be expected and 
the actual final result. This is a classic clash of assumptions and realities that anyone could ask for. Nostradamus’s origins as a prophet 
were rather ironic and tragic: he first became a doctor to save the world from bubonic plague, and he couldn’t even save his own family. 
Pixar fans may not know this example of irony from Finding Nemo, but for want of Nemo’s protection, Marlin, Dory, and Nigel’s attack on the 
dentist office could have traumatized a certain boy in the waiting room, into fearing a potentially dangerous root canal in the future. 
Let’s not forget the comedic ending to Zootopia, with officers Judy Hopps and Nick Wilde arresting Flash Slothmore for speeding!

I thought bringing up irony was appropriate for this discussion, considering this aspect of this week’s discussion. Jenny Odell coined a 
unique phrase about doing nothing, “How to do nothing”, and then went ahead on actually doing something, which was making an article for us 
to read and using said phrase as the title. I should admire Odell for her humor, but it would be even better to thank her for both her 
humor and her arguments within How to Do Nothing. Shall we then discuss Odell’s ideals?
So, Odell’s answer to solving all the problems in the world is literally just sitting and doing, or rather, making nothing, huh? Actually, 
it is clearly not the first time I have heard of nothing being an answer to anything. Every time the police arrest a suspect, they would 
customarily read them their Miranda rights, starting with “You have the right to remain silent”. It makes sense considering how people 
don’t want to incriminate themselves. The first time I heard “making something out of nothing”, I couldn’t understand it, but now I know 
that using your mind, let alone your imagination, to come up with new ideas and solutions to solve problems. Although I never thought I 
would hear Odell add a good twist to the proverb and make nothing out of nothing as her art, especially since Christopher Robin (2018 film) 
taught me how “nothing comes from nothing” (in a negative sense, or so I thought). 

I knew art uses positive and negative spaces alike, but what exactly is architecture of nothing, or even the precarity of nothing? Any 
birdwatcher might know what it is means to immerse oneself in architecture of nothing, on account of two things: 1) we have to be very 
careful and quiet to find birds singing or risk them mistaking us human as hunters and fly away to escape; and 2) Odell herself loves to 
identify birds she finds as individual people. Architecture of nothing could be found in the world of mazes and labyrinths too, where one 
could either sit, do nothing, and hope for the best, or just try to find his or her way out, going every which way but up. As for the 
precarity of nothing, our said activities of birdwatching and maze navigation also help to relieve ourselves in these times of extreme 
worldly injustice, environmental, social, political, otherwise. At least I understand why Odell appropriately wrote How to Do Nothing 
after the 2016 election: people must be more stressed out than ever in history, and I thought GEICO was joking about it. So, long story 
short, people deserve to retain their rights to do nothing, which should never be waived in the long run, given our especial need to not 
work so hard nor to overthink everything.
