Response:

This weeks reading was quite uplifting for me. You know, I've never actually taken into account of finding my own "space" and do "nothing." Usually, my definition of doing nothing is staying in bed with my laptop and not having to worry about work and school. I'd simply be browsing the internet or streaming a show the whole day, which, honestly isn't too bad every once in awhile. But Jenny Odell's version of doing nothing is quite literal. Simply sitting somewhere, like in a park, and take in everything around you. Notice things that you wouldn't normally notice, like birds chirping. I liked how she talked about Deep Listening and explained the difference between listening and hearing. It made me think about how I would naturally interact with the environment around me whenever I'm outside. And usually, I'm always on my phone when I am outside, so the way I interact is that I do neither listening nor hearing (because I usually have my headphones plugged in). If I don't have my headphones, my phone distracts me enough to not even hear a lot of the things happening around me, just the main sounds like cars and traffic lights. To be honest, I don't think I hardly every experienced a moment where I truly listened. The only time I can think of was when I had to film a still scene in a park next to a lake. The scene had to be several minutes so after I hit record, I just stood there by the camera and I remember feeling that those few minutes felt kind of long. I didn't have my phone with my at the time because I had left it in the car. I think I did space out, just staring at the lake and I remember listening to the ducks quacking and the sound of the lake. Also there were a lot of leaves rustling and footsteps dragging against the gravel. Though I heard all of this, I don't remember what I was thinking at the time. I just zoned out. I also remember feeling a bit awkward at first because I didn't have my phone and I was just standing alone. Now that I'm reflecting on all of this, it's quite refreshing. I appreciate the statement Odell made in regards to our spaces: "I’m suggesting that we protect our spaces and our time for non-instrumental, non-commercial activity and thought, for maintenance, for care, for conviviality. And I’m suggesting that we fiercely protect our human animality against all technologies that actively ignore and disdain the body, the bodies of others, and the body of the landscape that we inhabit." 

Normally, being on my laptop, my phone, or playing games would help distract me, kill time, and sometimes simply keep me mindless. I would associate this as a way of having my "me time" to relax. However, when Odell quoted author David Abram, 'Abram writes that “all our technological utopias and dreams of machine-mediated immortality may fire our minds but they cannot feed our bodies. Indeed, most of this era’s transcendent technological visions remain motivated by a fright of the body and its myriad susceptibilities, by a fear of our carnal embedment in a world ultimately beyond our control — by our terror of the very wildness that nourishes and sustains us,'"--this got me thinking of how accustomed I've grown into delving through the digital and technological world, that I would forget what is actually outside. I would immediately think that there are only two places to be: living my current life by working and going to school, or being at home with my phone and laptop in both hands. Everything is fast paced, and so for some reason, I would automatically think that simply being on my phone would help slow things down for me once in awhile, though ironically it kills time even quicker. Needless to say, this article gives me the urge to make a spontaneous trip to Oakland and visit the Rose Garden to "bird-notice."
