# HOW TO DO NOTHING

The article at first made me hope that my time spent doing nothing would somehow have some hidden meaning to validate it. Yet, the writing took me on a path rather to use nothing as evidence of the importance of something. Specifically when the passage of Gilles Deleuze In Negotiatons is quoted. The quote eludes that having nothing to say gives more value to when you do have something to say. Part of the quote also includes the idea that speaking without anything to say sometimes distracts you in a way from something that should actually be said. I would take it a step further and say that talking without anything to say sometimes can drown out others voices who might have an opinion closer to reality. I find in my personal life I have to fight the urge to speak about a subject with an controversial opinion I haven’t really thought about. I thinks the balance between saying nothing and saying something starts with listening to what someone else is saying. Listening can do a lot, and the act of listening is often to do or say nothing, which understandably is hard sometimes when you may have an opposing opinion. Listening is the part of nothing I find value in, as it often leaves you observant to catch the important and rare things that deserve to be said. Which leads to the part of the article on Deep Listening. I especially appreciate the brief exploration into the idea of Deep Listening and its relationship to a noticing, Noticing something like birds as given by the example on the writing is more akin to having an open mind. A mind that doesn’t attempt to observe predictions, rather it is listening for the foreign. Noticing something to hard to do when you’re doing something, and in nothing can we notice something new. The next part of the article gives permission in some way to practice deep listening anywhere. I think we can all do it as a means to channel an inner peacefulness when we feel the urge to say or do something negative. In some way I believe that part of Deep Listening leads to appreciate the scale of the universe and our problems tiny in comparison to its grandeur. The article takes this idea of inner reflection as the result of the environment unfolding itself in surprising ways. Theres no denying the American culture today promotes the hustle. It’s distracting from the environment and sometimes corporate America can make us forget about our own place in the world. It can become our world and the hustle define us. It’s a cultural phenomenon that seems to promise the things it rips away from us. Which is to one day reach nothing, and the privilege to do nothing. Yet, there is still hope for even the busiest and disenfranchised of us all. I like the finishing part of the writing that acknowledges the struggle of surviving in a noisy and busy environment. We must fight to remain sensitive, and make time for nothing, time to reflect and listen. Practice it so we can listen to other with an open mind because truly as the author admits, I don’t really know what I’m doing either.
