**Reading Ten**

This article is an eye-opening work that shows the importance of resting and doing nothing for one’s mental health. Most people take their resting time for granted, and, in many cases, a lot of people are using their resting time working rather than doing nothing. Jenny Odell emphasizes that having some quiet and private time is a good mental health exercise that most people do not appreciate. Most of her day, Odell spends doing nothing while relaxing in a rose garden near her home. She is not lazy, but doing nothing has an influential impact on her mental health. Odell explains that the doing nothing has a deeper meaning that a lot of people think. 
 Doing nothing means doing the thing that one finds easy to do without being forced to do it. It is similar to the way a deer walks itself towards spring of water or a goat moves towards a stone of salt without being forced or told to do so. Nothing is simply the thing that does not require any effort to do it. However, it should still be really enjoyable. People should spend a significant part of their day in solitary way while enjoying peace. This activity boosts people’s creativity and helps them unwind from the chaos of the daily life and enhance their mental health. In the early 1980s, Samuel Gompers introduced the daily schedule of a normal person who works for 8 hours, rests for 8 hours, and spends time rebuilding oneself during the remaining time.

People always need resting, sunshine, nature, and time for thoughts. Such moments are the most useful in any person's lifetime. Public recreational facilities such as parks and nature parks are supposed to the fundamentals of any urban community. However, such aspects of the public life are still underdeveloped since the labor unions refused the proposal to develop more places for leisure activities. The demarcation of public space for the sake of leisure time can significantly benefit the community. Unfortunately, such ideas are not widely supported, which is why they often remain on the sidelines despite their possible benefits.
To make the best of doing nothing, one has to sharpen the skills of observation. Observation, in this case, means looking at something critically in all dimensions and observing every detail of the surrounding. Observation is very fragile and needs to be taken with a lot of care because the weight of observation can easily affect people. To make the best out of doing nothing, one has to have good listening skills. There is a big difference between hearing and listening. Hearing is making perception of what has been heard, while listening is paying deep attention to sounds and understanding one’s perception. Deep listening and observation are very important aspects of human life since they allow people to have find new ideas and discover their true selve. Therefore, doing nothing is so important for people’s personal growth and mental health. 
It is important to spend time and learn how to do nothing. Reflecting on one’s own life allows people to make something out of nothing. Despite the hustle of the busy daily life, people have to learn to disconnect from everything else to stay healthy. Therefore, private or solitary time is the best time for creativity, personal growth, and mental health. 
