 I found this reading lengthy and mostly boring, I fell asleep quite a few times and had to  re-read many paragraphs. I felt like Jenny was talking more about her past than the actual message, so the message she was trying to deliver was lost to me a bit. The only two things that I could relate to and that kept my attention for a while were her quotes “I am not lazy,  but the most I have ever made or constructed is a new context for, or perspective on, something that already existed”  and the quote “I believe that having recourse to periods of and spaces for “doing nothing” are even more important, because those are times and places that we think, reflect, heal, and sustain ourselves. It is a kind of nothing that is necessary for, at the end of the day,  doing something.  In this time of extreme overstimulation, I suggest that we reimagine #FOMO as #NOMO, the necessity of missing out or #NOSMO,  the necessity of sometimes missing out.

The first quote I can definitely relate to,  or actually most artists can,  especially beginner artists.  Everyone tends to create something from something that already exists because most of the time, usually at the beginning of our artist journey, that is all we can do. It is never really easy to find originality in art at the beginning because chances are someone else has already done that idea you have “come up with” and this scares a lot of artists because like most they don't want to be known as a copycat. However, that does not mean you should give up because even though it might be a long process you get progress and eventual success in the end with your art. I should know,  I started on my art path by repeatedly drawing a sketch by another artist in the 5th grade, and just recently I have started to develop my own style of drawing. I believe that the best part about art is that there are thousands of different ways to create it and that even though someone else may have the same ideas as you, their work will never be your work. 

The second quote I love very much because it speaks the truth about how I feel too. We all need to rest, we all need places to retreat to, to just relax, breathe and do nothing.  For me, it is my bedroom like most of us. Fear of missing out is real in my life and in millions even billions of others. The familiar vibrating sound or short ding we get that light up our phone screens immediately draws our attention,  even if it's not our phone, causing us to most of the time drop everything to check it or at least reach for it. For me, it would be a chapter update or text/email notification.  I feel like this quote speaks about what needs to happen. The “necessity of missing out” is becoming vital to our society.  Overstimulation is happening everywhere, if we are not at home watching TV we are at work on our computers, if we aren't there we are at school on our phones, this includes for work and for leisure. I believe we all need to take breaks from all these screens and like Jenny says “do nothing”.
