 The article ‘How to Do Nothing” is a reflective piece by Jenny Odell that basically discusses the art of paying attention to one’s surroundings and how this relates to creativity. Jenny uses nothing to represent a mental reboot that can only be achieved by intense meditation that requires one to be still and quiet. The author states that normal thought cycles can be debilitating and then restates the importance of breaking away. 
When one steps back and considers how ‘doing nothing’ can return tangible result. For example, the author was able to create an informational archive by merging several infrastructural images from Google. While she did not physically take the photos and create a database from which others would learn, the effort put into making the archive was considerably less than what ought to have gone into it. This is the art of doing nothing. Leveraging the resources and tools that one has to make a significant change for themselves and others without putting in too much effort or thought. 
Another school of thought argues that the art of doing nothing is the desire or fascination by one thing, to the point of not wanting to consider pursuit of any other thing. Observation comes as an imperative concept through which this perspective can be understood. Taking the example of art, the artist focuses on their subject matter as it is the most critical element of any project. From the hours of observation of the subject, the artist notices different tenets of their project and can then begin creating. In this sense, artists complete their projects in their minds before picking up the brush. 
Extending the idea of mental structures, artists excel at conceptualization of their projects as it gives them direction and clarity on how they might go about completing their respective projects. Observation, or more accurately, the art of doing nothing, requires that the individual take the time to consider all the competing priorities and tenets of their subject in relation to their project. They then will develop a mental image, map or structure that allows them to bridge the gap between their conceptualization and the actual project. Paying attention, listening to the slightest changes in melody or even noticing small details of a larger whole, all come into play when one is, ‘doing nothing’. A sense of peace and clarity elevates the cognitive competence of a person during this time and ultimately enables them to form full thoughts and execute their ideas post haste. 
Jenny Odell is insightful in this article. One key takeaway from the article is the importance of taking a break from one’s daily routine and environment, to reboot their mind and spark some creativity in them. This statement asserts that like all other body organs, the mind needs to be given enough time to break away from the mundane cycles of normal routine. From this break, a person can refresh themselves and gain new perspectives formerly oblivious to them. A second point that is critical to improving the overall quality of one’s life is the importance of sitting still and deeply listening to oneself. In doing this, it is easier to learn from oneself and more importantly cultivate a wider understanding of the world. 
