How to do Nothing
IN the article “How to do Nothing” by Jenny Odell, the author goes into depth about the practice and architecture of doing nothing as well as the importance of it. She starts off by describing her trips to the Oakland rose gardens and how relaxing and peaceful it is. She quotes a passage from GIlles Deleuze in Negotiations, “What a relief to have nothing to say, the right to say nothing, because only then is there a chance of framing the rare and even rarer, thing that might be worth saying.” this describes the importance of saying nothing and how it can actually emphasize everything else we say or do in our lives. Taking the time to relax and clear our heads for a moment an actually make everything we say more powerful and every moment we encounter more meaningful. As modern humans we tend to always be busy and move on from information so fast that we don't even sit to process anything. Especially with technology, we don't have to be without entertainment ever again. People are so used to having their heads filled with information that they actually get uncomfortable and anxious when their phone dies when in reality that is when they should be the most relaxed. Later in her article she clarifies that she doesn't actually want anyone to “do nothing”  but rather appreciate and take advantage of the time where you are able to do nothing and clear your head. One of the most important points I believe Odell brings up is that doing nothing teaches us how to listen. Once you are able to put all of your own thoughts aside you can actually hear what others are trying to say and learn from them. Clearing your head from stress and everything you think you already know allows you to be more open minded and hear things from other perspectives. She also talks about listening in the literal sense as in “silence is not the absence of something but the presence of everything”. Listening is an entire cycle of perspectives and sounds that are usually not all interpreted at once. She used the example of berardi to distinguish between connectivity and sensitivity while listening. Connectivity is more fast paced such as getting a lot of people to agree on something that doesn't require a lot of thinking such as likes and shares on facebook. In this case it is either a yes or no answer with only two choices; whether you agree or not. On the other hand sensitivity is an in person conversation in which you can strongly agree with some points while at the same time disagreeing with other points. It is not as black and white and more realistic, however it is a harder conversation to have.
