To do nothing, to really do nothing, is a bit more difficult than I previously imagined.

In general, our cultural training dominantly promotes active manipulation of the external environment through analysis and judgment, and tends to devalue the receptive mode which consists of observation and intuition… Software for People: Collected Writings

Everywhere I go, every piece of information that enters through my senses is processed and immediately judged. It happens inherently without thought. A gut reaction to a certain smell or combination of attire is automatically analyzed and categorized, even if its a simple, “yes, I like,” or “no, I don’t like.” I guess truly doing nothing is merely awareness. The meditation app I use tells me to focus only on my breath and when my thoughts begin to wander, return to the breath. Start over. If an emotion jumps in—anxiety, anger, sleepiness—note that its there, but return to the breath. I suppose translating that to doing nothing without intentional mediation requires observation of our surroundings and observing things as they are. 

Here is this thing. This is what it is and that’s all. 

Its a recurring topic— the inundation of information streamed into our eyeballs. Odell presents us with the idea of #NOMO and #NOSMO, the necessity of missing out or sometimes missing out, which at the surface is so counterintuitive to our current thinking but all the more important for us to hear. I don’t go to sleep without checking my phone at least five times and when I wake, the first thing I reach for is my phone. I know I’m not alone because none of us want to miss out on news, information or a funny video that everyone else will be talking about at work later. Nobody wants to be the person that doesn’t fit in. The irony is, most of us live with #FOMO and we’re completely unaware that we really are missing out. The ability to step away from our devices, to live in the now, can often supply us with a peace and satisfaction that is indescribable. 

I like the comments on self care. We often think of self care as a day at the spa or a hot bath with a colorful bath bomb. That form of self care is pampering, most often in the physical sense. Don’t get me wrong, those activities can be included in real self care but the core idea is preservation. Everyone must take time to tend to their own personal needs. We need time to rest our bodies in order to tackle the day ahead. We need time to contemplate and reflect, to resolve our inner conflicts and explore emotion. The ability and opportunity to reflect is key. It allows us to process and mull over multiple angles. We can dissect experiences to determine the successes and figure out new approaches to our failures. 

All of these things focus and little require distraction. The best way to accomplish this is time spent alone. Again, we hate that. I’m always reminded by an interview with Louis CK and whatever your thoughts are on him, I think he still made a good point. He explains why he wouldn’t buy a phone for his kid and part of the reason is because it interrupts our ability to sit alone with our emotions. Whenever we experience sadness or fear or any undesirable emotion, we immediately rush to a distraction. We really need those moments though. 

Here’s the [clip](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5HbYScltf1c) if you want to watch it. 

I know this response didn’t explicitly relate back to art and technology but I’ve recently been focused on this idea of disconnecting and taking time for yourself, to be alone, so that’s where my thoughts drifted to. #NOSMO is the way to go. 
