Reading Reponse #10

In the article “How to do nothing,” artist Jenny Odell described how to do nothing to resist the Attention Economy. At the beginning of the reading, Odell states the background of why she wrote the article is based on one of her speaking in the Rose Garden, Oakland. Odell founded the suspended solids authority, as an artist at a San Francisco garbage disposal station who was the only employee of the authority. She photographed some discarded things and learned about their history. And this reading her wrote echoes her approach in the office, making a collage of pieces collected from artists, writers, critics and philosophers about leaving online life. In the first chapter of the book, she says she finds what already exists "more interesting than anything I can do." It really seems like an interesting thing, every item on the dump has a different experience and finally comes to the dump. If every garbage has its own story, the garbage dump seems to have endless stories. These subtle objects and events make me have to associate them with many things in the world. For example, humans. Every human has different life experience and will die in the end. So, I agree with Odell. When I do nothing, it seems that my brain is really working. I'm constantly imaging about everything in the world, and my ideas are constantly growing. Then Odell talks about the architecture of nothing. She mentioned the differences between the rose garden design and other garden designs. The other gardens are square and can see all the flowers at once. But the rose garden is designed as a narrow path, which makes people walk slowly on it, observe and feel careful. Odell also gives an idea that she doesn't think maps should tell people "you are here." It requires people to explore the unknown and feel the sense of direction. I like the idea of Odell. Because we always want to be awake all the time, our attention is tightly grasped by foreign things, so we seldom take the initiative to feel the unknown, to explore the unknown. 

It has to be thinking, it is an era of the rapid development of the attention economy. According to Wikipedia, the attention economy refers to the limited ability of human beings to focus on the processing of information, that is, the limited attention and unlimited information in the world. It forms a kind of consideration relationship between limited resources and unlimited desire similar to economics. Countless products of attention economy rob our attention and make us give it to others. Then, we seldom pay attention to what happens around us and the change of our thinking. Therefore, we sometimes need to through do nothing to find our own, including our own thinking and our own sense. We need to focus our limited attention on ourselves to maximize our benefits.
