Sometimes, life can be emotionally exhausting. Daily activities and duties can cause depression and restlessness. The pressure to make ends meet can cause endless anxiety. These cases are relatable in the typical life of a middle or low-class citizen. Such a life deprives one’s the joy of being alive. Jenny Odell, in How to Do Nothing, pens down informative and practical ways of relieving oneself from daily fears. While it is normal to be depressed and anxious with life, it is a personal responsibility to learn ways of rejuvenating your intrinsic energy, such as through meditation and active listening to what nature offers.
	Life is full of challenges and surprises, and some are demoralizing, while others are emotionally uplifting. As Odell maintains, we are called to be diligent in dealing with any encounter that threatens our inner peace. A fulfilling fact about life is that no one is limited to pursue inner peace provided he or she decides to. Doing nothing, which means meditation, is a practical strategy of reviving inner peace and healing your bruised soul. Nothing should be regarded so necessary part of life as finding the meaning of life itself. Meditation and active listening strengthen one’s mind and emotions. Spending quality time to behold nature and its peculiarities enables one to respond responsibly to life. Assuming life frustrations and appreciating both implicit and explicit opportunities of life bring internal healing.
	Depression and frustration are normal, as they depict a sign of an actively living person. I concur with Odell that life is always coupled with ups and downs. From experience, there are moments of sorrows and regrets, as well as moments of joy and merry. However, none of the moments are permanent. During depressive moments, we are called to be proactive in claiming our happiness and meaning of life. One must find the cause of his/her unhappiness and work against it. The best expression of oneself in both speech and thought is realized in the state of emotional tranquility. 
	An encounter with nature best facilitates the pursuit of emotional tranquility and happiness. Listening and thinking about the mysteries of nature heal from daily anxiety. I have experienced the magic behind a nature walk. The discrete sound of singing birds that mysteriously carries meaning amongst a fleet of them attracts one’s senses to the beauty of life away from daily perplexities. Paying attention to waves as they draw shells towards the seashore, though seemingly time-wasting, excites the soul, making one more appreciative of what they already have. The therapeutic experience of nature makes life more satisfying to the person who has learn the secret of exploring nature.
	It is undeniable that, sometimes, life can be stressful. Besides, it is okay to feel overburdened by the daily routine of rushing to make ends meet. However, letting anxieties to drain you emotionally is completely wrong. Taking time away from the normal routines brings psychological healing after an array of frustrations and heart breaks. It a personal responsibility to seek emotionally healing experience that nature abundantly provides. Beholding the mysterious life of wild animals, listening to the peculiar sounds of birds, and watching as the sea waves draws shells towards the shore, rejuvenate one’s spirit to press on with life despite heartbreaks. 	
