**extra-credit**

The documentary Manufacturing Content features Noam Chomsky’s perspective concerning the media and the influence it has on society. The directors Wintonick and Achbar advance Chomsky’s propaganda model explaining how media corporations promote interests of the wealthy groups to accumulate profits while ignoring their primary social function in the US. Chomsky openly criticizes significant media outlets, focusing on the New York Times, to illustrate how such organizations support the concentration of ownership. It is surprising to learn about various biased coverage of the media in circumstances where corporate interests are concerne. Chomsky termed the concentration of media as a ‘virtual monopoly’ where every coverage must have a profitable outcome for the company. I believe that such institutional disregard of responsibility to present meaningful information to the public will lead the country into a social collapse. The documentary mentions Western concern in matters related to aggression and human right abuses because profits are derived from such interferences.
	Perceiving the documentary from an artistic view, it contributes to the development of society’s wellbeing. It achieves this by providing a thoughtful critic to the political fabric and media as a social system. Also, the film pushes the viewers to engage in meaningful thought concerning the legitimacy of the newsfeed obtained from major media corporations. From this perspective, it is difficult to consider such corporate organizations as critical drivers of social progress. Released 25 years ago, the documentary touches on the moral decay of popular media corporations observed to this date. Therefore, the relevance of this film continues to spark debates about the political and profit-driven coverage of particular news that favor the elite group in the US. However, the documentary displays Chomsky’s resilience and intellectual ability to question the powerful corporations that continue to consume the nation’s resources.
