# EXTRA CREDIT

Watching this video was interesting. It was different than anything I’ve seen before this. However, once it clicked it was great what I took away from the video. Chompsky’s analysis of propaganda is highly relevant here. Propaganda is best when it goes undetected. When one doesn’t realize they are being swayed from one way to the other that is when propaganda is well done. It used to be delivered by the government and news sources in the past. It has changed in modern times. Propaganda has shifted from what it was to what it is now. Now it is these media companies who are using their influence to push their agendas. With the rise of the internet and data gathering the agendas of these companies or those who pay these companies are being pushed and not allowing the average person to build their own thoughts. Rather their thoughts are being influenced by what they see from these media companies, such as Facebook and Instagram. These huge companies are making a monopoly and controlling more and more of the different media sources. To the people it looks like there is a wide variety of different media they can access, however, unknown to them they are almost always owned or connected to the major media corporations. The major media corporations gather data on their users and then go on to sell them to advertisers, marketers, or data collectors. And what this allows them to do is create targeted advertisements. In addition, it allows the people buying the data to sway the people’s interest. In politics this can be troublesome due to the simple fact of certain political parties buying data and then targeting an audience that could be swayed in their favor. What I got from this video is that propaganda is something that is still around now and it is in our lives more than we think it might be. It has shifted from being mostly a tool for politics and governments to use to change the public’s opinion to developing to corporations and those with money using their power to push their agendas and sway the opinion of the public. This has caused me to be more cautious on what I look and pay attention to while I am using things like social media or the internet. I am more aware of how these different corporations are targeting me. A video like this should bring the audience to recognize that their way of thinking is being influenced by what they see on the internet. They should be aware of this and not let it influence their individual thoughts and not allow the targeting to sway them towards one way or another. At the end of it all, there should be a recognizing factor that leads the population to realize that the elite are controlling the news and media. These elites are the big corporations and those with the money and power to control. They are essentially in charge of what is seen and are in charge of the data that companies can acquire on you. And this should create a level of caution in one as they continue to do simple things like go on social media or use the internet, because that data is being collected and it will lead to companies using it and targeting you with modern versions of propaganda. 
