Response to Video on Manufacturing Consent</p>
The video Manufacturing Consent explores provides a critical overview regarding the mass media and its role behind daily news. At the start of the film, a presentation of newspapers being manufactured is depicted. However, when it is delivered to the market, people scramble for any piece of the information that they could lay their hands on. As the movie progresses, Noam Chomsky’s views on communication and language are explained. Thus, this provides an understanding regarding the relevance of the basic structure of language and the manner in which it develops under certain circumstances to sell an idea to the public.</p> 
Additionally, the video explores the need for comprehensive knowledge as an important factor in human nature. In other words, creativity is an essential force that is part of the human characteristics that promotes free associations. Therefore, this is an indication that intelligence should be forced but left to develop in a natural way. However, the impetus for its enhancement can be provided. Thus, through watching the video, one understands the need to promote constructive criticism that would help people develop certain competencies. Additionally, it provides the conceptualization of critical approaches in developing new paradigms for improvement other than being centered on the marginalization of individuals to create a certain point of view.</p> 
The video is also centered on depicting that the media has a critical role in providing information that shapes the way individuals think and associate with others in society. It points out the various modes of propaganda used to model the way individuals think. In other terms, the mass media tries to create a certain behavior among the public that would promote the governments’ ideas regarding a better society. Thus, through a critical examination of the comments provided by commentators in the video, one understands that the major communication channels play an important role regarding the way economic and social life goes on.</p> 
Furthermore, by watching the video, one formulates an understanding concerning the way individuals are made to follow the established rules rather than a question. Through the film, the idea of absolute control of society with the use of mass media is made clear. For example, the New York Times plays a critical role whereby it communicates to its audience based on political desires. In other words, this mass media outlet filters information which it thinks will help fulfill certain aspects of controlling the society. As such, the editors will decide on what to put on page one or not. The reason behind this approach is to create attraction to its topics by insinuating influence. As such, through its coverage of various topics, it influences the views of the American people.</p> 
Overall, the video points out the role that the mass media plays in dignifying various aspects of society. In most cases, the communication outlets sanitize information that would otherwise cause discomfort among the public. In other words, the video presents the mass media as based on promoting viewpoints that stifle rebellion in the way politics and critical aspects in society are run. 
