At first I was a little lost when this video started? I was wondering if I was watching the right video for this class. After double checking it took my a while to make the connections between topics that were discussed in class and this video. It finally hit me, Chomsky's analysis of propaganda and how it it goes undetected is still happening today but in a very different way. Propaganda back then was easier to be aware of whether it was a news station delivering specific news or newspaper doing the same thing. The best type of propaganda are the ones that go undetected. Yet although undetected, these medias are influencing everyday people. These medias are said to be" agenda setting" to sway public opinions in a certain direction. The people who are in charge of these agendas are the rich and elite who own these media companies. With a tool like this they could potentially get who they want elected into office by swaying the public by the content that get put out. This is more obvious when we think about who own these companies. Although there are many different media companies a lot of them are owned by the same owners. It almost feel as if the public has a large selection but in truth there are only a few. Chomsky says that this controlling of thoughts, and opinions is a breach of individual's freedom of speech. This type of propaganda has only extended even further with the internet and data mining from the big companies that surround us. Social media companies such as Instagram, Facebook and other online presences such as Google and Amazon all collect data on their users. This information is sold to companies. Why does this matter? With so much private information going out, it makes it easier for companies to hone into people's interests and sway them into a further extreme end of news. For example, I live in California and often get liberal news. The more these companies seen me exploring "left winged" information the more these type of informations gets fed to me. Eventually information that are fed to me by these online media presences are skewed way left. This type of influence could sway my opinion in the political world. It could affect who I'm going to voting for,  and what my public opinions are. What is important that is as an average person I need to take responsibility and independence in my own thoughts and opinions. I need to be able to take actions to consume a variety of media to make sure that I have the information I need to form my own answers and opinions on topics rather than following what a certain media floating head tells me to think. I think according to Chomsky, being able to have this independent and self awareness of my opinions and thoughts is being able to truly express my freedom of free speech. I think this is a hard thing to do, but an important thing to do because the ordinary people should stick for each other rather than allowing the elites to influence us.
