Response for extra-credit:

After watching this video, I felt that I found a friend that I could talk with even though we are at a different time period. I felt someone was speaking the internal myself with sufficient knowledge more than twenty years ago that I know now but I can not speak out because of the inadequate ability. I wish people who living in mainland China could watch the video if it was not blocked. Many people who are from my country wanted to know America either from internet or talk with Americans to understand what's going on now. They always wanted to learn from Western countries. However, the infantile autism is prevalent in present society, people barely know each other like the way they lived thirty years ago. The social medias separate them from one another even far than before, and farer from the Western countris as well. 

He also solved so many "whys" which have inbedded in my mind for a long time. Why the society is what it is now? I recorded some of his speech: it is not the case, as the naive might think, that indoctrination is inconsistent with democracy. Rahter, as this whole line of thinkers observes it's the essence of democracy... the point is that in a military state, or a feudal state, or what we would nowadays called a totaliarian state. It doesn't much matter what people think, because you've got a bludgeon over their head and you can control what they do. But when the state loss the bludgeon, when you cannot control people by force, and when the voice of the people can be heard, you have this problem, it may make people so curious and so arrogant, that they don't have the humility to a civil rule. Therefore, you have to control what people think, used to be called propaganda, manufacture of consent, creation of necessary illusions...various ways of either marginalizing the general public or reducing them to apathy in some fashion."


Noam Chomsky mentioned that it does not matter how people think in a dictatership society. That is the situation that many asian countries are living now. I went one of my friends' home for celebrating the Thanksgiving day last Thursday. We were accidently talking about the problem of Hong Kong protests. All people were there from Hong Kong expcepting me. I did not get chance to express myself what position I held about Hong Kong protest, but they assumed that I was disagree with them, because I am from mainland China, where almost all people disagree with Hong Kong's choice. I felt the environment was tense, so I left earlier after a few minutes. It is hard to argue or dilivery the different thoughts under the bias and dictateship society even though Hong Kong is more democratic was colonized by British, but the cutlure and their parenting style have limited them to be more open mind to accept different views. I can feel the different between America and any asia countries.
I thought that that's why Noam Chomsky's voice can be heard in American society. His perspectives can be respected by many people even under the pressure of so many opposing voices, and his persistence and his persistent supporters have showed the strengh of democracy from autarchy society. The friction between different cultures have more contradictions but also have more freedom to people hold the different voices.

Chomsky indicated so many problems that are happening right now because people will have to lose the chances to access enough information and form their independent mind. They are isolated by medias without interacting each other anymore. Majority of people have manipulated by advertisement and propagandas, and they also will be the biggest voice in the country under the control. The important voices will be diminished and marginlized which are major functions of democracy. How to achieve the rational liberation society must be organizations which is to let people gather together to dilivery their thoughts and ideas f

Chomsky indicated so many problems that are happening right now because people will have to lose the chances to access enough information and form their independent mind. They are isolated by medias without interacting each other anymore. Majority of people have manipulated by advertisement and propagandas, and they also will be the biggest voice in the country under the control. The important voices will be diminished and marginlized which are major functions of democracy. How to have a One person can not change the whole trend of society and it must be organizations which people gather together to dilivery their thoughts and ideas o
Chomsky indicated so many problems that are happening right now because people will have to lose the chances to access enough information and form their independent mind. They are isolated by medias without interacting each other anymore. Majority of people have manipulated by advertisement and propagandas, and they also will be the biggest voice in the country under the control. The important voices will be diminished and marginlized which are major functions of democracy. How to achieve the rational liberation society must be organizations which is to let people gather together to dilivery their thoughts and ideas fr 
Chomsky indicated so many problems that are happening right now because people will have to lose the chances to access enough information and form their independent mind. They are isolated by medias without interacting each other anymore. Majority of people have manipulated by advertisement and propagandas, and they also will be the biggest voice in the country under the control. The important voices will be diminished and marginlized which are major functions of democracy. How to achieve the rational liberation society must be organizations which is to let people gather together to dilivery their thoughts and ideas ft
Chomsky indicated so many problems that are happening right now because people will have to lose the chances to access enough information and form their independent mind. They are isolated by medias without interacting each other anymore. Majority of people have manipulated by advertisement and propagandas, and they also will be the biggest voice in the country under the control. The important voices will be diminished and marginlized which are major functions of democracy. How to achieve the rational liberation society must be organizations which is to let people gather together to dilivery their thoughts and ideas fh
Chomsky indicated so many problems that are happening right now because people will have to lose the chances to access enough information and form their independent mind. They are isolated by medias without interacting each other anymore. Majority of people have manipulated by advertisement and propagandas, and they also will be the biggest voice in the country under the control. The important voices will be diminished and marginlized which are major functions of democracy. How to achieve the rational liberation society must be organizations which is to let people gather together to dilivery their thoughts and ideas fe
Chomsky indicated so many problems that are happening right now because people will have to lose the chances to access enough information and form their independent mind. They are isolated by medias without interacting each other anymore. Majority of people have manipulated by advertisement and propagandas, and they also will be the biggest voice in the country under the control. The important voices will be diminished and marginlized which are major functions of democracy. How to achieve the rational liberation society must be organizations which is to let people gather together to dilivery their thoughts and ideas f 
Chomsky indicated so many problems that are happening right now because people will have to lose the chances to access enough information and form their independent mind. They are isolated by medias without interacting each other anymore. Majority of people have manipulated by advertisement and propagandas, and they also will be the biggest voice in the country under the control. The important voices will be diminished and marginlized which are major functions of democracy. How to achieve the rational liberation society must be organizations which is to let people gather together to dilivery their thoughts and ideas 
Chomsky indicated so many problems that are happening right now because people will have to lose the chances to access enough information and form their independent mind. They are isolated by medias without interacting each other anymore. Majority of people have manipulated by advertisement and propagandas, and they also will be the biggest voice in the country under the control. The important voices will be diminished and marginlized which are major functions of democracy. How to achieve the rational liberation society must be organizations which is to let people gather together to dilivery their thoughts and ideas ff
Chomsky indicated so many problems that are happening right now because people will have to lose the chances to access enough information and form their independent mind. They are isolated by medias without interacting each other anymore. Majority of people have manipulated by advertisement and propagandas, and they also will be the biggest voice in the country under the control. The important voices will be diminished and marginlized which are major functions of democracy. How to achieve the rational liberation society must be organizations which is to let people gather together to dilivery their thoughts and ideas fo
Chomsky indicated so many problems that are happening right now because people will have to lose the chances to access enough information and form their independent mind. They are isolated by medias without interacting each other anymore. Majority of people have manipulated by advertisement and propagandas, and they also will be the biggest voice in the country under the control. The important voices will be diminished and marginlized which are major functions of democracy. How to achieve the rational liberation society must be organizations which is to let people gather together to dilivery their thoughts and ideas fr
Chomsky indicated so many problems that are happening right now because people will have to lose the chances to access enough information and form their independent mind. They are isolated by medias without interacting each other anymore. Majority of people have manipulated by advertisement and propagandas, and they also will be the biggest voice in the country under the control. The important voices will be diminished and marginlized which are major functions of democracy. How to achieve the rational liberation society must be organizations which is to let people gather together to dilivery their thoughts and ideas f 
Chomsky indicated so many problems that are happening right now because people will have to lose the chances to access enough information and form their independent mind. They are isolated by medias without interacting each other anymore. Majority of people have manipulated by advertisement and propagandas, and they also will be the biggest voice in the country under the control. The important voices will be diminished and marginlized which are major functions of democracy. How to achieve the rational liberation society must be organizations which is to let people gather together to dilivery their thoughts and idea
