The documentary discusses the social and political ideologies of Noam Chomsky related to the media and the conspiratorial role it plays in the political scene. It is interesting to learn that the media is a powerful tool that can be used to deliver propaganda concerning various topics of concern to the Americans. Chomsky believes that US media companies have become tools for the corporation to deceive and deliver information that maintains public ignorance of the state of affairs in the United States. The media function socially to hinder the public from uncovering the capitalistic ambitions of most corporations. I was surprised to learn that the documentary highlights the strong connection between media coverage and US foreign policy. Here, the media seems to coincide or to promote the country’s policies despite their adverse consequences on the Americans. In that case, it invites individuals to consider using alternative media to disseminate information critiquing the media for not playing its role.
The perspective adopted by the director of this documentary relates strongly to the essence of art in society. In most cases, artists are agents of communication who deliver information regardless of the repercussions through their artworks. For instance, Thomas Benton’s Year of Peril distributes propaganda in the US about the horrors of WWII and the need to disengage from military violence. Similarly, Peter Wintonick and Mark Achbar strive to present the truth through this documentary, which can be perceived as a work of art. Notably, artists do not have to seek the public approval to create their content unlike popular news outlets that offer advertisement space for corporations despite their role in plundering the country’s resources. Overall, the documentary discusses the opportunistic and capitalistic approach of US media coverage with a primary aim of maximizing their profits.
