
Noam Chomsky and Edward S. Herman put forward the propaganda model in Manufacturing Consent: The Political Economy of the Mass Media. In their opinion, in the process of information dissemination by private media, the final news or articles are inevitably filtered by five kinds of "filters" before they are finally produced: the ownership of media; the financial income of media; the dependence of media on the authority or the authority funded by it; the flak of media information; the ideology of anti-communist or anti-terrorist. Chomsky and Herman believe that although this theory is based on the situation of the United States, it can also be applied to other countries. I agree with this view. With the deepening of the influence of capitalism on China, the theory is also applicable to some media phenomena in China today. Although the news media in China need to pass the media censorship system. Next, I am going to give some example to explain why I agree with Chomsky and Herman.


First, as the first filter, media ownership exists not only in the official censorship, but also in the "self censorship" of private media. For example, in the early days of the development of Alibaba, a famous Chinese enterprise, a large number of media attacked Ma Yun. When Ma Yun continues to buy shares in media companies to improve his voice, it is difficult to see public criticism of Ma Yun now. 

Second, as the main source of income of all private media, social media users in most countries are plagued by the frequent occurrence of poor advertising, so they have to buy members to "remove advertising". This problem exists almost all over the world.

Third, in the story of the first season of the famous American play house of cards, Zoe was replaced by Zoe, a new reporter, because of the great help the party gave Zoe. This tiny detail reflects the power of layer 3 filters. News, that is, events or stories happened all over the world, always appear randomly in all kinds of places around the world, and the cost of tracking these news is very high, so private media companies always need to have relatively cheap, stable and authoritative news sources, so cooperation with government agencies is the best way. For example, China's major government agencies or government agencies have official accounts for social software in China. Because Sina Weibo provides such an important source of information for residents in China, it occupies an important position in China's self-media.

In the countries where Neoliberalism is the core of the political economy, especially in the countries where private media are popular and there is no "visible censorship", the systematic propaganda system is far more successful than the countries where bureaucrats are the core of the political economy. Even university professors with doctorates, when it comes to media such as the New York Times, always regard it as the golden rule, let alone the general public. Media companies, which occupy an absolute monopoly position in the field of thought for many years, make themselves free fighters for public welfare by exposing the dark side of enterprises and domestic and foreign governments from time to time. This extremely successful propaganda, to this day, has a huge impact on the whole world.
