**Reading Response**

George Orwell’s 1984 book taught me the basics of the controversy on privacy versus security; and Andy Clark’s book Natural Born Cyborgs clued me into mankind’s cyborg evolution through technological agency. Having read these stories on humans’ new desire for artificial telepresence, it should know come as no surprise to me that the Hoover Project intends to help show internet users how serious surveillance really is, with online surfers serving as both the participants and the audiences. However, this experiment already raises questions in my mind: first, what good would the Hoover Project do if it is carried out by everyday people for other everyday people to review? It would have made much more sense everyday people (better referred to as citizen scientists), so that professional scientists could analyze the results more effectively and create more accurate theories in the process. I am honestly uncertain if citizen analyses are uncertain to begin with; I just know that by ethos, professional scientists are naturally the most trustworthy experts on our world. 
Another thing I should comment on the Hoover Project is how the end result of the test would affect the world after private information has been collected. Upon reading how computers might make easier moral decisions due to the Hoover Project, I started to think deeply whose moral support I, or the entire world for that matter, should follow from now on: mankind for practicing ethics for millennia, or computers for their new efficient and accurate theories on morality. But all in all, this speculation regarding surveillance awareness and even excessive trust for technology over humans, proves that technology in 1997 (when Kelvin Chan wrote this article on the Hoover Project) was about having complete access to planetary/worldwide information. Without Internet Explorer 4.0, the World Wide Web, or even the NASA’s Mars Pathfinder, the world’s ignorance would be anything but blissful. (http://switch.sjsu.edu/archive/nextswitch/switch_engine/front/front.php%3Fartc=4.html)
Readers of this reading response, I have to warn you in advance that Joseph Squire has decided to write his article Web Tribes on the subject of the early Internet as a hub for artists. I consider my warning to be reasonable because the early Internet helping artists sounds too much like the American Dream: the first impression an opportunity presents to eager career-seekers is rather idealistic, too good to be true initially. But once novice workers experience their new workplaces and fields over time, they would suffer from conditions and treatments contrary to ideals about a perfect place to which people could escape. A classic example of disillusionment is that although America still promises freedom and opportunity to foreign immigrants, this paradise is still troubled by immigration restrictions and racial discrimination. Nevertheless, Squire also found positive things of the new Internet, which finally brings us to his Web Tribes article itself.
When Squire stated that the early Web is something to avoid for the time being, he saw for himself how unsupportive it is compared to today. Even on a good day, it might have taken people hours to upload low-quality pictures, and the videos shown online must have been too small and slow to satisfy civilians in general, let alone kids. But as Squire and I both witnessed, since the Internet was a brand-new medium for us, there are likely no (pre-)established rules on what it should be or how to use it; and this means that anyone can set the rules the way as he or she sees fits. This is especially true for artists to use to their advantage, along with visual and symbolic languages shared between artists and the Internet alike. Therefore, Squire’s and my fears have been replaced with hope for both the present and future of the Internet, with the classic tribe of artists and their unique communication skills proudly leading the way. (http://switch.sjsu.edu/archive/nextswitch/switch_engine/front/front.php%3Fartc=110.html) 
