**Reading One Response**

Virtual Environments and The Internet - Wendy Angel, 2000

  Wendy Angel briefly delved into the Web3D/VRML world at the VRML-ART 2000 exhibit to discuss several thoughts she had surrounding VR. The first question she had was relating to artists and how they perceived the new "image - technology" at the time. From what I got out of it, it seemed that many artists were fairly excited about VR, the development of it, and its potential. The only downside was that people didn't have the technical skills and "horsepower at their workstations" to really navigate through VR, causing them to miss out on a lot of elements of certain works (Angel, 2000). They also didn't have the freedom to view things locally or from home. This was very interesting to me because now, it's almost easily accessible (despite the heavy price) to access VR practically anywhere you go. With the Oculus Rift or Vive headsets available to the public and the number of growing game developers/artists creating applications that are compatible with the gear, you can fall into VR at home or a friend's house, art exhibits, a company break room, or even at the mall (the Microsoft store in Westvalley Mall in particular). It's really fascinating to see how quickly this form of technology advanced since the last 20 years. As Wendy travels more into the VRML event, she meets Melentie Pandilovski, a director of the Center of Contemporary Arts in Macedonia. Apparently he wrote a paper arguing how "technology-image will lead us away from linear text-based thinking and speculates on the consequences of such a change" (Angel, 2000). Although I truly do not know how to respond to this claim, it still stuck out to me a lot. If VR were to push us away from "linear thinking," what kind of supposed effect will occur? Does he mean that there will be consequences if people begin to get confused with being in VR and true reality? At the moment, I don't think there will be any sort of confusion between the two. With 3D graphics still obvious of its virtual nature, we can still easily be able to observe the difference. However, the more I think about this idea, the more I'm starting to believe that what we have now won't prevent what's to come in the future. Compared to twenty years ago, 3D graphics were elementary. As of today, based on what I've seen in video games such as "Detroit: Become Human," it can be interesting but also scary to see how much more we can develop visual graphics to its highest potential. I can then imagine how people may start to fall into confusion between VR and reality if image technology does become that far advanced. So far, that among the VR gear, people will be able to not only have their sight and sound, but also their sense of touch, taste, and possibly even smell stimulated. If it gets to this point, I'll be truly terrified. Just the very idea of having split consciousness between VR and reality itself is grim. How will we know how to control it? What will the future be like if VR gets to the point where nobody leaves their home and they're hooked up in another world living a whole nother life? Psychologically, I feel like this would take a toll on us. In regards to the Internet, Wendy makes a good point about how the "news, advertising, and entertainment are becoming increasingly more blurry," as they all start to merge together through the Internet itself (Angel, 2000). Today, social media has become such a huge platform for sources. People get their news from Twitter, Facebook, or Reddit, and their entertainment on YouTube, Netflix, or Hulu. All at the same time, advertisements are subtly making their way into whatever a person is looking at. Everything is all connected. Virtual reality and the Internet are intertwined through networks of data that is captured from consumers of this kind of technology. With the type of information that we provide for these networks, they are able to appeal to what we want and bring us in more. People have become dependent on the Internet, and who's to say that they'll start becoming dependent on VR next. It has the capability of providing pleasure, satisfaction, distraction, and even research, just like the Internet. 
