# Web Tribes - Jan 1 1997

Written by Joseph Squire, somewhere he begins with a statement about the Web being the Internet at its best. This is already a sign into how different our perception of the Internet has come. I say this because today the Web and the Internet are synonymous, unlike at the infant where Squire is still figuring out what will be the universal language for the newly formed online tribe. Tribe is a reference to Squire’s label of the Web, which in itself encompasses the people and online culture. This shows that at the beginning of the web, Squire and his peers were viewing the web as a new world where people interact differently than they do in real life. A world big enough that it would have its own set of rules, norms and language. The platform as we know it today is the Web, while some of us do access the dark web, the Internet as we know is the Web. Hence Squire was correct in his essay about the Internet being a tribe. Furthermore Squire theorizes that artists are the ones who will give expression to the beliefs and values of the web. The online tribe in the early days of the Internet has a much more democratic face, with little to no infrastructure on the web many believed the web could be a place of free speech and new ideas. Today the web has a very different face with much more regulated search results and a few website grabbing all of the attention market share. It is curious that even with the utopian fantasy of the early web Squire still feels the web isn’t a brimming place for art. Yet even though the web is not as accessible or malleable as we’d like it, the potential of art’s influence on the tribe is worth the attempt to shape its future. We can still carry Squire’s vision forward and help to make the Internet a more democratic place, although some websites can censor speech, Internet art can always carry a deeper message that can not be ignored or censored. By utilizing the Web’s guidelines as constraints on your piece, just like Squire had to with old tech, you can achieve a piece that makes the tribe a better community to be apart of.

Along the lines of a more democratic Internet. An example of the way Web Art can influence a controversial topic is piece called, The Grid, by the Switch Staff represents the mental health of all the people who visit the website. It categorizes the state of mental health by 3 labels. Mentally Healthy represented by a green pixel, average mental health represented by a purple pixel, and mentally unhealthy represented by a fitting red pixel. The pixels populate a large square grey box and seem evenly spread. Subtext lets the viewer know to zoom in and observe the sites determination of the viewer’s mental health. Analyzing this piece shows that the web can function as a passive mechanism for getting humans to indirectly interact. This indirect interaction can allow individuals to feel less vulnerable and more willing to share personal information. I feel that this piece uses its form perfectly to reflect the personal on a public platform in a respectful way.
