**VR: Different but the Same**

Nearly 30 years separate the Virtual Reality (VR) fad from the early nineties to the recent resurgence of the past few years. The technology has undoubtedly improved during that period but the wonderment of its potential still feels familiar. I have experienced first-hand the excitement that was garnered when the [Oculus Rift](https://www.oculus.com/?locale=en_US) first appeared on the crowd-funding platform, Kickstarter, but I was barely born when VR hit the scene in the beginning of the 1990s. Thankfully, issue 2 of the Switch Archive offers me a glimpse at the perceptions people held in regards to virtual reality. 

Since it was a relatively new technology that was only just beginning to reach consumer markets, the first article, written by Leda Kanellakos, introduced the subject by describing its function and the hardware required to operate it. To offer readers a perspective, Kanellakos claimed VR, “[was] as far advanced as television was to radio.” If realized to its full potential, sure, I would have agreed that VR is the next stage in media consumption and human-computer interaction, however, the technology back then and even now does not warrant such a comparison. The jump from radio to television added an entirely new element of sensory input— visuals. Virtual reality has not distinguished itself clearly enough from television and to do so, it would require sensory input that stimulates touch, like the feeling of wind blowing through your hair or the heat felt by leaning in closer to a campfire. Currently, the type of virtual reality available to most consumers then (and now) only offers the user a slightly more immersive experience by adding a larger field of view and limiting distractions from the real world. Without the VR headset, I am still able to move through a virtual space using a two-dimensional display and controller, like those used to play games on platforms such as PlayStation and Xbox. Yes, the resolution of graphics have improved significantly which has helped alleviate some issues the predecessors (like the [Virtual I/O iGlasses](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GmGZOECvc8c)) dealt with such as, “eye strain, motion sickness [and] sopite syndrome,” as P.D. Quick pointed out in VR Dirt and Other Stuff but even now those same ailments can surface. The improved technology better deceives the user and in some cases, such as a simulation of a rollercoaster, can even recreate the scared stomach sensation experienced when on an actual ride. 

The reality is, virtual reality is still in many ways a bit gimmicky— its fun to try out a demo at Best Buy and get transported to the Grand Canyon but its not replacing my flat screen TV anytime soon. 

The reason VR excited people back then and again at the start of its resurgence a few years ago was because of what it potentially could offer users. VR is an escape. By booting up a relatively small device, placing it over your head and running some software, you could be transported from your living room to the jungles of the Amazon or even some fantasy world with wonders we’ve never before imagined. Another possibility? You could interact and communicate in simulated physical environment with someone from across the globe, all while portraying yourself as something entirely different as the person you are in reality. This brings up discussions around identity and self-image, which the interview with Linda Jacobson touches on. 

Virtual Reality certainly has progressed and changed over the decades but in many ways it remains the same. I predict there will be another lull until the hardware becomes so affordable and accessible that would allow more people to take a chance on it. Sure, it’ll be around, especially since Facebook and Google have interests in the technology, but society would need to discover a significant use-case for it to truly become widespread and adopted by consumers. 
