While diving into the Switch archives, I noticed a number of recurring themes in early articles around the lates 90s that still seem to be controversial in today's modern society, almost two decades later. Topics such as virtual reality, feminism in technology, and the ethics of music modification my technology are still highly controversial subjects that still leave us in debate today. In the article “ VR ware Beware: VR at Siggraph” published in 1995,  P.D. Quick reviews the new virtual reality products presented at the Siggraph conference. He expresses his disappointment with most of the products presented but also discusses how V.R is a dying industry that comes with many unknown effects for the user including physiological and psychological. V.R. was trial and error for a long time before we finally got the hang  of it in more recent years but this field of study still holds many of the same concerns. There is a lot of talk about the side effects of being in an ‘alternate reality” provided by the VR headset can do to your mental and social health, especially in younger generations. In another article, ” A Report on Cyberfeminism”, the author, Alex Galloway, goes into the power dynamic between men and women in the workforce, specifically in the tech industry. Even though this was published  in 1998, technology is still a very male dominated field in which women's voices are hardly heard. It is an ongoing discussion that has been going on for years. Galloway argues that due to new technologies feminism has a new opportunity to prove itself behind the scene. Today feminism has grown so much due to social media and trending posts. Young women are also influenced by elebrities posting about their proud feminist stand point which gives others the courage to stand up for their gender. Technology has given women a  platform to unify and feel comfortable and supported and the movement is growing every day. Platforms such as twitter and instagram have allowed hashtags gone viral and allowed many people to hear about different movements and educate themselves about what is going on in the world. Even though there is still along way to go we have come a long way as well. There is also the discussion about the ethics of music and technology. Agostino Di Scipio expresses his concerns about the corruption of music in his article, “Technology and the ethics of music composing”. He argues that the art of composing music use to be a critic on society but due to new technology it has been tainted due to has easy it  has become to create. His topic of the corruption of music due to technology has come up again in today's society with the rise of EDM or electronic dance music. DJs will use new technology to sample other artists music and add new beats or change the rhythm to make something completely different. Many people argue that taking someone else's work and calling it their own is wrong and will not even consider it music. Others have devoted their whole lifestyle around this electric music and have developed communities around these DJs. The question at hand is rather these people are stealing work or using it as inspiration. The whole idea of sampling music in order to create a new song remind me of the artist Marcel Duchamp and his spin on the Mona Lisa in which he added a mustache. This work was very controversial at the time and even though Duchamp intentions may have been to poke fun at the original piece, he was still creating his own art work and many DJs are using that same practice. 
