**Week 1 Respond**
-------------------
### Online Game Communities are social in nature.
---------------------------------------------------
In 2001, Cindy Ahuna wrote an interesting piece on online game communities. She briefly mentions the short history of multiplayer game platforms such as 1969 Spacewar, developed by Rick Blomme, which was the first two player gagme designed to be played on "Programmed Logic for Automatic Teaching Operations" (PLATO). This all leadng up to a game called "EverQuest" in which it hosted 80,0000 players daily. People were able to role play in their own genders that they wanted be. Within these games there are chats in which the player could ocmmunicate and often through the characters, these players form relationships and friendships. Ahuna also brings up the conversation of how differently men and women are treated through gaming communities. She also brings up another type of game genre, such shooter games. Within these games the players often ban together to create a clan to fight other ones. People are known for stregnths or their teams or communities. Players of similar strengths tend to band together.

### Beyond the Gaming Border
---------------------------
The players communications are not only limited to gaming chats but go beyond the borders of it. They are free to exchangge personal contact information such as phone numbers and emails. AT often times those who have created a relationship meet in the real world. "The communities live in both space and time. Thus, it is a lifelike system". Through these games a virtual world is builst around the players and the relationships extend beyond the virtual world. These communities are huge and can be accessed through free and paid memberships.

### Gaming Community Today
----------------------
The gaming community today has grown beyond chats and virtual it became an industry in which people could build careers upon. Gamers have become a part of mainstream influencing youth and other digital media users. There are figures such as Ninja, Pewdiepie, TFue who are ruling the internet space with millions of subscribers. The gaming community although grown has also grown in to what some may consider a toxic space where profane languange and violence are often exposed to younegr children and anyone with internet access. With the rise of communication and community building through these channels cyberbullying has also become a great part of the dicussion in regulating these community. There needs to be a more open discussion about the roles of these gaming influencers and the affect they could possibly have on our community outside the virtual realm. Do they need to take responsibility and also be careful about the possible information out there?
