Technology has made a significant impact on the art scene today, where the two areas have entwined with each other. One of the ways in which it happens s human interaction, which simplifies the process of art creation. In this context, new techniques also assist in mixing different media types.
According to Oberon Onmura’s “Painting Data: When Art Goes Virtual”, an artist is considered a driving force of establishment in the virtual environment. His or her work is a feedback loop, where they respond to the world around them by changing it. As the work progresses, the person further alters the setting to reflect it, which makes the creation dynamic and utterly dependent on their capability to tune in to the space that they typically cohabitate. In the physical world, one can see an extensive choice of accessible material, but every element has a partial range of obtainable options for manipulation. They include paint, paper, and clay etcetera, whose final result is a unique physical object that can be moved, exhibited, and bought. In a virtual environment, the artist lacks material to transform, and their work takes place through manipulation of data into patterns that generate new information to be controlled in a virtual space. The 2013 article, by indicating the difference between physical and virtual arts, is not aimed for pitting the privileges of one against the other, rather to introduce the concept of vitality.
Liz Solo’s 2013 article “Are You There?” discusses the new online virtual spaces and their contribution to changing the world as opposed to performing physically in the theatre. In the virtual space, one has enough capacity to simulate attendance in three-dimensional environment. The user interacts with those around th by an incarnation of oneself to commune. The hybrid reality performance and the act of bringing the real world into the virtual and vice versa is the current trend in digital production. 
Thirza Ember’s 2013 article “Art in Open Sim” discusses the contributions of Linden Labs to the modern society. It has created a platform for people to purchase, sell, interrelate and communicate virtually. Second Life generations joined the program for relaxation and enjoyment, while others entered it because of the ideology of using it as an employment and marketplace. The article offers users the opportunity to make items for themselves or with the available features that they take for granted in Second Life. On the other hand, the article features some technical problems that may slow down the ability of the user to work, but it still ensures that the consumer has space and privacy. Second Life is a well-oiled machine that guarantees exposure for the artists, although it is prone to unresponsive technical support.
In conclusion, the art scene has changed gradually over the years as a result of technological advancements. Artists are now exposed to a broader demographic of potential consumers, and the availability of software means a chance to enhance their work.
