**Linda Jacobson Interview Virtual Reality Evangelist**
By Loretta L. Lange on Sep 1 1995

In the Switch, people post many interesting interviews on the late 90s. And one of the articles I read is “Linda Jacobson Interview Virtual Reality Evangelist” by By Loretta L. Lange on Sep 1, 1995. She interviewed an artist who uses virtual reality technology as a medium to create art in the early 90s. It’s interesting because it’s kind of a collaboration between the human and the machine in the new medium field. The virtual reality just came out and Linda Jacobson already used it to address some social issues at that moment. According to the article, it said about social movements (feminism, civil rights, gay and lesbian liberation, and multiculturalism) have challenged the dominant white, patriarchal order in American society in the mid-90s to late 90s. Then Linda used the VR technique to try to give people a choice to find and understand the new identity. She put forth the notion that we can leave our bodies and explore new identities. Then she created VR environments that allow people to experience that. In my opinion, the VR is just a technique. But Linda has changed the way that I see it as an artist, even it happened in the 90s. As Post Capitalist Society, comments that "technology itself matters less than the changes it triggers."It inspired me, as an artist, I should think wider and further, such as the VR can be a technology and it can be a tool to assist me in art, it all depends upon what people do with VR. Even we can develop each other and benefit each other as well. In today's world, I think the experiential revolution Linda mentioned in the article already become effective. 

