**Reading Response**

It is safe to say that my audience is present and accounted for my lecture, so I will get started on addressing the elephant in the room. 
Regarding the essay Design Fiction by Julian Bleecker, my first discussion point on the docket is the subject itself: design fiction, 
better known as speculative design. I honestly thought I had heard the last of speculative design back in the spring of 2019, when I was 
assigned to design on Autodesk Fusion 360 my own Utah teapot, a copy of Baymax’s healthcare chip from Big Hero 6, and a Petrified Rubber 
Flute for my own culture for 1930s rubber-hose cartoons. But even so, that experience also taught me that while design in general demands 
creativity not for self-expression but for solving public issues, speculative design might be even more difficult because artists always 
need to come up with entirely new cultures and artifacts to lift the spirits of their audiences. To make up your own world for the public 
to see, is clearly not as easy as expressing and living in that same world in private, for an artist has to make settings and characters 
that he or she could proudly claim as his or her own proud creations; and even so, the public may or may not receive the artist’s stories 
in the same way as the artist itself. But of course, all of these teachings are merely the opinions of an amateur in speculative design, 
who also has issues in using creativity and finding inspiration.

Fortunately, my insight on the pros and cons of being a designer is an experience Bleecker takes as no surprise, since he encourages art 
students to try new things all the time, even if their efforts would risk breaking rules in the process; and he wasn’t even afraid to 
discuss a designer’s strong will to create art in his first section of Design Fiction, which is also titled Design Fiction. Not only that, 
but Art 104 similarly echoes this worldly purpose of the artist in our weekly discussion on September 12, 2019 – the night my classmates 
and I remembered that artists are to (if possible) help change people’s minds on the things, surroundings and relationships of which they 
already know, by sharing their ideas on art with their viewing audiences. Designing new and different worlds with (usually) pictures 
especially helps artists and designers in making the real world a better place, because this is where people love to connect arts, 
sciences, facts and fictions together to make relevant narratives that accurately describe what is going on today. As a matter of fact, I 
have always known lately that between Disney’s heartfelt movies and Geico’s humorous commercials, both companies always love to comment on 
patterns in human nature and behavior, to help comfort their fans and loved ones to great critical, commercial and audience reactions. It 
is no wonder then that mastering speculative design demands a constant desire to take risks and try something new in the hope of putting 
smiles on people faces (https://drbfw5wfjlxon.cloudfront.net/writing/DesignFiction_WebEdition.pdf).
