Reading Response #4

This reading was a bit of a challenge for me. Maybe it was the length of the reading, but I found it hard--at times--to follow or understand the author’s point; however, I’ll do my best to express my interpretation of it. At first, it sounded like the author was questioning the word, “design” and its meaning or terminology and how its used or referenced on day to day basis. When you put the word “design” to something arbitrary, such as the example he gave us which is finance, it suddenly puts a whole different meaning to that field of study. As stated, it “adds a layer of unorthodox creativity”; this is an interesting point. When I think of finance alone, I just think of numbers and accounting. But when it’s “finance design,” it means completely different. What kind of field is this? What is being designed or made in finance? And, can its design be part of art in general? 

And then considering how influential the term “design” can be, the author proposed “design fiction.” Though I didn’t know what he meant at first when he mentioned design fiction, but I immediately thought of science fiction; storytelling based on science. So was he trying to create a genre that tells stories based on designs? Though it would be an interesting kind of storytelling, turns out that the author meant that he simply wanted created objects to leave people thinking “matters-of-concern,” or basically making thought experiments.  He essentially summed it up by stating that design was meant to make things for people. From what I can gather, it seems that he means that the result of designing is made for the user, or the people, in mind. We always consider how people will view or use the piece, no matter what company or field of study the design is part of; it's meant to be seen or operated by the people. Not only that, but the concept of design is strongly connected with those who do/make the designs themselves. A lot of thought gets put into the work, and much thought is received from others after its production. 

However, it seems that the author meant something different in regards to his statement: “design is to make things for people.” Because he talked about wanting to get people to converse and talk about the real issues occurring in today’s world, I believe that his statement can be more generalized as having people design pieces that are for the world; that are supposed to either offer solutions, ideas, or improve our world; or simply get people to talk about the issues and to get those conversations to spread. If I am correct, then I do like his definition of his proposed genre: design fiction. Design things, whether it is considered to be part of the art world or not, that are meaningful to the world. And if it is considered a form of art, then that just shows that art today exists  exactly for the same reasons that design fiction exists. 
