# Design Fiction
Design Fiction took me on a Depp analysis of the bridge between science fact and science fiction. The general idea is that we as people have to use science fiction to even derive our idea of science fact. I agree with this as there are a lot of modern examples of fact following fiction and fiction following fact that weren’t in the chapters. For example the popular show on Netflix called Black Mirror is a science fiction that speculates on the near future of our today science fact. Particular the show attempts to predict with design fiction what the design fact today will be like tomorrow and how it will effect us. Its a brilliant show and good example of fiction following fact. I would also argue that design fiction is responsible for many if not all the modern design fact. It is true that everything made from human kind had to first by imagined by human kind. Yet this imagination is met the boundaries of science fact and human kind must work around these boundaries in order to produce their design fiction. I think that the process of fitting design fiction to the boundaries of science fact is what produces the manifestation of both science fact and science fiction. That can easily get very convoluted and I found reading the three chapters could get a bit convoluted but after wrestling with the abstract ideas you realize the reality is that reality is based on many assumptions. It is based on many design fictions that are retro-fitted to science fact in order for us to operate without seeing the true science fact of why the world around is the way that it is. We do not know if we are alone, we don’t know if the universe ends, we don’t even know if this is a simulation, and it is this admitting of the lack of knowledge that gives us permission to imagine design fiction that may get us those answers someday. When someday we choose the right design fiction idea to be tested against science fact and from the boundaries we learn more about that science fact really is. So I believe that it is in human kind’s best interest to continue to dream up science fiction. To go the extra step and create design fiction, to test science fact so that we may become more conscience beings in this vast universe of wonder and awe.
