**Reading Four**

In the reading for this week, first, it reminds me of many technologies occur in the science movie in the last decade, they come real in today's world. Also, once the artist working on something illusion, he must learn the knowledge behind it first. It interests me. Anyway, In Julian Bleecker's paper “Design Fiction A short essay on design, science, fact, and fiction”, examines the concept of design-fiction, reviews and analyzes the combination of scientific facts and science fiction, the relationship between science and fiction, and explores how fiction affects the formation of the future. In his research of well-known examples of science fiction, he finds some aspects of design fiction in them.

Also, I think design fiction is a combination of design, science fiction, and science fiction. It is a fusion of methods that, taken together, meet the expectations of what each one does on its own and bind them together into something new. First of all, it should be said that Julian Bleecker expands the concept of design by thinking of it as “kind of creative, imaginative authoring practice – a way of describing and materializing ideas that are still looking for the right place to live”. 
Fiction design is another kind of plan – a design that looks to the future, trying to explore new types of rituals of social interaction. Fiction design does not accept the limitations of scientific facts, allowing itself to be understood differently. Fiction design aims to shape new thinking about the near future, based on the theoretical scientific basis that we have now, but also relying on the imagination of the creator, and leaving the figure of the author – as an artist who creates new kinds of future and new worlds. Fiction design provides opportunities for reflection and analysis, as well as for entirely new creativity. 

It is important to note that this is primarily a design practice, so design fiction is mainly a way to explore ideas, sketches, test some concepts. Fiction design does not assert any truths and does not pretend to authority in the world. However, it is endowed with individual ability to predict, or even plan, or dream of the near future.
Scientific fiction should be understood as a kind of writing, which in its stories creates prototypes of other worlds, different life contexts, experiences that are based on the creative views of the author. Moreover, science fiction tells stories about the future more convincingly than science itself, and scientific facts. 
Why science fiction and science fiction? They are two forms of knowledge production and dissemination that are important for creating new worlds soon. Not all scientific facts are relevant to the near future, but that is enough. 

It is necessary to admit the enormous potential of design fiction as a way to actualize ideas, explore new types of social rituals, and combine many different scientific facts to build some future. Not insignificant influence of design-fiction has on our thoughts about the future, and as a consequence on our construction of the present. 
