             I am going, to be honest with you chapter one was a difficult read for me. I found myself rereading many paragraphs and still being confused about what I was looking at. I also started to fall asleep numerous during this reading. The only two aspects of chapter one that interested me were the words “Design Fiction” and paragraph three on page four. When I first saw the words “Design fiction” in the title of chapter one I had to google it. I found out that it is a “design practice aiming at exploring and criticizing possible futures by, through the narration of designed artifacts, creating speculative, and often provocative, scenarios.” I always thought Design fiction was just the imagination or ideas of the designer illustrated I did not know it went even deeper than that in meaning. 

The paragraph from page 4 that interested me states that “Design allows you to use your imagination and creativity explicitly. Think as a designer thinks. Be different and think different. Make new, unexpected things come to life. Tell new stories. Reveal new experiences, new social practices, or that reflect upon today to contemplate innovative, new, habitable futures. Toss out the bland routine, “proprietary” process. Take some new assumptions for a walk. Try on a different set of specifications, goals, and principles.” I love this quote. I find it to be extraordinarily inspiring. I love how it can fit anyone, in any job profession or just in life. It made me, an art student, want to draw something immediately.

Next is chapter two. Now chapter two was a much easier read for me and I became interested in “Science fact and Science fiction” I googled these and found a few science fictions that became science facts. The first one I saw was the 3D printer. In the past, these were thought to be considered science fiction, no thanks to the Star Trek franchise and their replicator devices but today they exist thanks to technological advancements. The next science fiction object that became real was the credit card. “In his 1888 novel Looking Backward, Edward Bellamy introduced the concept of universal credit: The citizens of his future utopia carried a card with them that allowed them to spend credit from a central bank, without a need for paper money” This is now, of course, a Science fact. The last Science fiction turned Science fact that interested me was Broadcast News. “In his 1889 article In the year 2889, Jules Verne predicted an alternative to newspapers. Instead of being printed, the news of the day was spoken to subscribers. By 1974 millions of people could watch important events on their TVs”

Chapter three kept my interest because of the Death Star over San Francisco piece. I am in no way, shape or form a fan of Star Wars, however, I do appreciate the aesthetic filmmaker Micheal Horn has created, with just desktop video editing software and a scrappy DV camera. Horn materialized what he saw San Francsico looking like with Star Wars cultural objects that have come to “live amongst us”. The fact that this is a film, though a short one, is even more mindblowing to me. I love it!
