Design Fiction</p>
Design is a phenomenon found everywhere attached to anything. Consequently, it has been deliberated as a way of distinguishing commodity from considered artistry. Design allows an individual to use his/her imagination and creativity unambiguously. From the article, I could say that design is a way of materializing and describing ideas. Modern artists have blended fact and fiction when designing hence coming up with design fiction. Therefore, design fiction involves merging practices that together bend the expectations role and ties them together into something new. Design fiction explores different approaches to creating things by investigating the material conclusions of one's imagination and making them realistic. The article discusses design fiction by explaining how it is a blending of science, fact, and fiction.</p>
As depicted in the article, science fiction has been aligned with the emergence of modern historical consciousness. Just like science fiction, design fiction reflects, speculates, extrapolates ideas and perspectives, and can project them into the future. In my opinion, design fiction integrates science, fact, and fiction by recombining the traditions of writing and storytelling with the material designing of objects. Through this combination, design fiction creates socialized objects that narrate events hence encouraging human imagination. In addition, it establishes imaginative conversations about how the future will look like. For instance, the Near Future Laboratory's "slow messenger" has been designed in a manner that narrates hand-held messaging. This device has incorporated fiction by describing how portable messaging could be done. In real sense, the design explains how the future would be concerning messaging.</p> 
As depicted in the article, science fiction has been aligned with the emergence of modern historical consciousness. Design fiction, like science fiction, reflects, speculates, extrapolates ideas and perspectives, and can project them into the future. When fact and fiction are tied together, design fiction tends to be active the most. For this reason, it is notable that fiction swap properties with fact and help us conceptualize how the future might look like. In addition to that, they teach us how to create or avert the futures that we imagine. One can easily extrapolate and project a design that explores a possible future when he/she is torn between fact and fiction. This indicates that design fiction can ensure that we bring the future near knitting together fact, science, and fiction. Combining science and fiction would pave way for eradication of the processes that are rigid and do not yield the desirable results. An example of a combination of fiction and science is the botanicals plant. This fully-functional plant has been designed in a manner that enables one to be updated with the ecological state of their plant. The plant can sense its ecological environment such that it can call the owner in case it needs water or sunlight. This will be a future where most people who tend to forget about their plants will have no problems since they are occasionally reminded.</p> 
From the article, it is evident that human beings are obsessed with imagining and materializing future habitable worlds. As such, we tend to find effective mechanisms to create such worlds through imagination. We may be forced to deploy science, fact, fiction, and design when seeking mechanisms. The deployment of these aspects has been demonstrated in the article using several examples. As such, design fiction is an important aspect in the transformation of the world.
