**Response to Julian Bleecker's *Design Fiction***

Julian Bleeker’s essay on the subject of design fiction is not a quick and easy read, and at times it felt repetitive and redundant, nevertheless, the topic is interesting, it sparked curiosity and deserves further exploration. 

I struggled to follow Bleecker’s introduction to design fiction. It might have helped if he had used more examples early on so that I could get a grasp of what he was trying to convey and picture it in my head. My understanding of design fiction is that it is the practice of imagining possible futures by creating fictional objects and speculating how people would interact with that object as well as how it effects an individual as well as society. To do this, we first have to reflect on the present, specifically present-day versions of the fictitious object or interface we are imagining. By understanding how society interacts with an object, a touch-screen smart phone for example, and how it influences our daily rituals and habits, we can then extrapolate on how a future version of this device would behave. 

What’s the purpose of design fiction? It helps us understand the possible routes our society and planet are headed down. The television series, Black Mirror, does this well but focuses only on the potentially negative side-effects, which tends to be more entertaining. We like drama. Although the show often exaggerates things like our society’s ever-inflating desire for attention, it allows us to reflect on our current habits and analyze our behaviors before things get potentially out of hand. On the other hand, design fiction can also lend a hand in developing new technologies that benefit us. Imagination, while grounded in science fact, can help spark new perspectives which may lead engineers, developers and scientists along new paths to discovery. 

I unfortunately only read the title of chapter 5 of this essay, “Fact follows fiction,” which only lets me speculate on Bleecker’s meaning. I assume he refers to ideas and imagination leading to new inventions. Before the smartphone came to be, it was first just a thought in someone’s head. I would argue that each, fact and fiction, bounce off of one another. There is no truly original idea. Before the smartphone came to be, the telephone had to exist and from that object that is based in science fact, someone was able to extrapolate on its further potential functions. 

I enjoyed Bleecker’s explanation of the diegetic prototype—the fictitious object or program that comes to life through narrative. This is what lets us picture a potential future in our minds. Its like Bleecker said in a lecture he delivered at Stanford, when the film, Jurassic Park, was released, we all knew dinosaurs no longer roamed the Earth, but the narrative provided us with a possible method in which they could return. We don’t need to grasp the exact science, especially since it didn’t exist at the time, we just needed enough truth to help our imaginations fill in the holes. 

I will definitely need to read the essay over again and supplement with more lectures found on YouTube. 
