I found this to be somewhat of a challenging read because I had a hard time focusing on it due to the layout. But neverless, I believe the author was trying to talk about the intersection between science, design, and possibility of the future. In the first chatper he introduces the notion of "design fiction." Dutton believes that there is something that is thoughful about design and design happens inorder to create a link beween thoughts and something to materialistic. I think this in itself is a really intersting idea since design now adays are considered as solutions, solutions for views, solutions for users, solutions to send a straight forward message about a topic. Dutton states, "Design fiction is about creative provocation, raising questions, innovation, and exploration." This design fiction he mentions is about how to explore things that are possible and how to design based on these speculations using facts and imagination. In this way design is a merging of fact and fiction. This leads into the second chapter in which is called Design, Science, Fact and Fiction.

So, how does design being all these elements together. Dutton seems to believe that these elements are the ingredients that create an environment that allows us to move into the future especially with the help of technology. He briefly the describes the process in a couple of steps. Fact and Fiction swap. Fiction follows Fact. Than Fact follows Fiction. I'm not completely sure on what this means but I believe it is the idea that that to create or to move beyong of confine boundaries of what we know as reality already, we must realize what technologies and resources exists already. Then from here how can we take what we know beyond its boundaries and bring and move it towards the futre even if it seems impossible. Through exploration of the fiction, we can turn it into fact. This is where design comes in as well, it is a process which helps materialize these thoughts and ideas into something that is concrete.

Fact and fiction whether we want it or not are intertwined. 
