
Reading response 4: (Sorry for the late submission)

I still remembered the day I watched “Jurassic Park” with my mom twenty years ago. We did not know we should believe it was true or not because we did not know anything about the Western countries. Almost all the kids were my age watched the film at that time and felt so excited, but no one doubted anything about “disgn fiction”, which becomes a serious issue today. 

Comparing to another country, America has indulged not just the creativity and design fictions but also anything else in their lives. I may use one sentence to conclude: Nothing is impossible as long as you have imagination. Even make some cakes, they tend to use all the materials they can. When comes entertainment such as movies, toys, games, and now robots, they try their best to make something new rather than creating more value or useful. America is as big as China, but only have 3 billion people live here; they do not know what it means the same amount place but live 16 billion people. They have many resources to use without knowing what is called “thrifty”. Design fiction is one of the ways to make the imagination into a product to the real world. They will get everything come true without concerning if they will have the resources because they can get them as long as history has been defined. It gives them a sign of enormous courage to think big and high, and finally make it. 

Almost every day, you can see some yardsale or furniture aside from the street. The movie theatre has changed the new armchairs with heating on the back — most people by paper cup and plate at home without even wash them. Last Tuesday was cold; I asked them to turn off the air condition but keeping the fans run. They do not feel happy with that. My neighbour turn on the air condition about 76-degree temperature. They have to use a car; even a mile is too far for them. 
Last time PGE turned off the electricity for 4 hours, and I did not know how to open the garage door manually. I felt dangerous because more automation they feel more fun. They seem to want to paralyze themselves. Desing fiction with AI technic might be another way to help them to release their hands. They might need more time to do exercise as their activities but not the housework. There is a version of the future I read it from the web in China: People have more time vacation, exercise, and meet friends which is the ideal life in the future.

I do not know how China can develop its economy without high technology. How to keep people’s life quality are balanced without producing more goods. Can people share their wealth with other people, so we can create just as much as we needed. Can people ever be satisfied with the possessions they have? Do we need an iPad since we all have phone? Do we need a big house with three cars? Can we share it? Do we need a robot if we are living in a good community? Can you share your time to help people as they needed near you? Do kids need more toys and games to develop their intelligence quotient if their parents spend time to stay with them, or play with other kids? Why do not let more people live in American rather than suffering from solitude? Do people be better than desin AI?
“Let design future to release labours and human beings!”


