Reading Resonse#4

In the reading “Design Fiction - A short essay on design, science, fact and fiction.,” Julian Bleecker stated her views of design and her views of the Integration with fiction and design. Julian thinks that design provides a way of embedding your imagination into the material things you do. It is a creative and imaginative creative practice, a way of describing and concretizing ideas that are still looking for the right place to live. In additional, Julian mentioned a fresh word “design fiction” and explains why fiction plays an important role in the establishment of Design Fiction to us. She raised the question in her paper: If design can be a way of telling stories by creating material, what kind of stories can it tell? What is the style of the story? Design Fiction has several very important features, namely, object and narrative, which can be extended to Diegetic Prototype and narratology respectively. This is the characteristic of design in Design Fiction: narrative based on design objects. Julian Bleecker also emphasizes that fiction is based on fact. That is to say, such imagination and speculation are not "imagination" but imagination based on a certain real context. Novels use words to construct an imaginary world. Design fiction is to narrate a story with the help of design objects. When the Diegetic Prototype is a fiction based on facts, the narrative or story is the reflection and speculation of the designer. At the same time, using design to create an imaginative and even alienated situation and the narrative is particularly important for "design illusion". It differs from ordinary design objects in that the design objects of design fiction often have a high degree of "critical thinking", of course, narrative is also an essential feature of it. It is a very logical sense for us as an artist or a designer, we usually create works after we really thought about the content - why color I want my work to be? What meaning I express by my works? and so on. But in design fiction, it gives us a thought, before we design a work, we can boldly develop our imagination on the basis of practicability. 

After explaining design fiction, Julian clarified that fiction was not to create the object of storytelling, but to create the object of thinking. Designers and real technicians differ in their use and understanding of technology. Science and technology practitioners use technology rigorously and scientifically to promote social development from a professional point of view. Designers use technology creatively from the perspective of speculation to promote social development. Just like many years ago when everyone was used to using a Nine-palace cell phone, Apple technicians did a good job in the design, programming, and body of finger touch on the screen. Apple designers found the possibility of replacing keys with finger and multi-touch. The two are more complementary to each other to some extent. 




