The reading explores many issues concerning the modern perception of design. According to Bleecker, these days, design is everywhere and is linked to anything. It allows individuals to employ their imagination and creativity to project future possibilities. Bleecker claims that design fictions depict new experiences and reflect innovative habitable futures, which allows individuals to move beyond the existing means of doing things. Bleecker asserts that when something is designed, it shows that there is a thoughtful, imaginative, and material work of a designer. Design, science, fact, and fiction are ways of materializing and describing ideas.
I like the way that Bleecker contends many ways of expressing one’s ideas and imagination. Design is one of the channels of entrenching imagination into the material world. Therefore, a designed object connects an idea to its appearance as a crafted and instantiated object. He also argues that design fiction is a “conflation of design, science fact, and science fiction”, when it comes to materializing speculations and ideas. He also claims that science fact and fiction have common visions, objectives, and themes of future worlds. However, though design is not a science, science fiction plays a more engaging role in expressing ideas. 
Interestingly, facts and fiction are extremes, but there is no fact without speculating in a fictional mode. Hence, science fiction practitioners have to spend time reflecting on science fact and fiction. Design and science closely work together as ways of producing and disseminating knowledge. There is also an intricate connection between design, science, and art as depicted in fiction films and other multimedia assemblages. Bleecker maintains that fact, fiction, and sciences are linked together despite their extremities . He states that any science is always a bit of hope, imagination, and speculation as well as self-assured assertions. Science fiction, thus, becomes the imagination, while science fact is a result of the imagining. 
Bleecker digs deeper into the interrelationship between science fact and science fiction and how ideas are formed and exchanged. For instance, filmmakers use design fiction to move the story along. An interface device is also used in techno-thrillers as it can re-imagine the future. To some extent, all designs are future oriented. Therefore, according to Bleecker science fiction is shaped and informed by science fact. There is a myriad of technologies, such as portable phones, coffee tables with screens, that show the relationship between design and science. Design fiction is paramount to realizing the goals of emerging ideas.
design fiction helps make speculations of what will happen in the future. Bleecker article provides a deeper understanding of the relationship between science, fiction, and fact. He claims that design fiction is useful in imagining and materializing future habitable worlds. Dunne and Fiona illuminate the relationship between design and science in speculating the future. According to Bleecker, bringing science fiction and fact together addresses constraints of imagination. Design is everywhere and allows an individual to utilize creativity and imagination explicitly.
