In Design Fiction A short essay on design, science, fact and fiction, Julian Bleecker indicates that design is everywhere currently, and seemingly becomes attached to anything. It is a means of differentiating commodities from craftsmanship. It is noteworthy that design allows a person to use creativity and imagination practically and think differently. It is also important that when a product is designed, it demonstrates that there is some focused exploration, indicating that design links imagination to the material form of something such as finance and business. Therefore, the design suggests that there is some purposeful reflection expressed as imagination through thoughtful approaches. The author also describes several ways of expressing ones’ imagination such as through engineering, art, technology, or even writing; thus, design is creation and also a creative authoring practice. Besides, models can be used to make precious material things that are useful, through new, provocative, and critical flights of fancy that reflect the future. In this regard, therefore, the notion of facts and fiction can come together in a productive sense and create improvement on existing ideas.
The author also provides the relationship among design, science, fact, and fiction in chapter two. Science fiction does not necessarily differ from technologies but creates the conditions for possibilities. The study has further highlighted that fact and fiction exchange properties, where some thoughts concerning the facts and fiction provide the base  for bridging differences between the two. Fiction also follows fact, where science fiction anchorages and is attached to science fact. Also, fact follows fiction, inspired by the science fiction ideas. The study has further established that science fiction has aligned the emergence of current historical consciousness through which the past gets reflected upon and provides some rich and drama. It is significant that science, fiction, fact, and design provide grounds to imagine the available technologies and find more satisfying future perfection. Design fiction, thus, reflects and speculates comprehensively to form critical perspectives that are fulfilled eventually.
In chapter three, the author talks of fact and fiction swap properties. There is a provision of insights into how fact and fiction are entangled. Design fiction occurs when fact and fiction become tied together. The study has also established that design fiction is somewhere in space. The author further suggests that where science works, fact and fiction are extremes. Also, fact and science fiction intermingle though somewhat unsettling ideas. However, facts remain mere facts since something worthwhile can come only out of imagination. Hence, fantasies and facts can be employed in life to satisfy the needs of people within an environment. Examples of property swapping have also been examined in the study. A good case here involves the strength of a good narrative story that contributes to the design fiction process. Hence, good ideas typically circulate well, mainly when there is a story to go along with and something that is more than a gadget. The minority party analysis has also been examined as the second feature in the property swapping, usually executed between science makers and filmmakers.
The attractive feature of Julian Bleecker’s Design Fiction A short essay on design, science, fact and fiction is that it shows a vital connection between omnipresent computing and design. It is interesting to see how the article examines in detail, and very interestingly, the manner in which software has enhanced design capabilities in all fields and opened vast, exciting new vistas. The growing prevalence of artificial intelligence has many repercussions. It can be seen that science fiction shapes the future as it provides inspiration and ideas to create inventions and designs. Science fiction provides typecasts for the times to come. This is an intriguing and thought-provoking article. 
