Art 104: Final
===============
For the final, you are asked to write an experimental journal article for SWITCH that is 1500-1750 words in length. Exploring themes that you have been assigned in your teams, consider how your topics relate to the development of technology and design in 2019. This paper will include an abstract as well as a bibliography with Chicago Style annotation. Your final deliverable will need to be experienced via the internet, videos, creative applications, projects that interact with the broader web, and other experimental forms of dissemination are highly encouraged. Having looked at experimental publications throughout the course of the semester, think about the presentation of your final paper. Specifically, look at ways to hybridize existing forms of media, such as experimental analog news publication (tabloid print), pieces of internet art, or other ways of pushing the boundaries of what an academic publication can look like. Your final paper should include at least six bibliographical references but no more than fifteen. The abstract for your paper should be 300-400 words and is due 10/18 with 4 bibliographical references. The final paper submission will be presented to class on 12/4 and the final deadline for publication will be due on 12/11 with the publication going live on 12/14.

As always, if you have any questions or concerns, technically or conceptually, feel free to contact me: me@rarar.com or come to office hours at Art 115 from 5–6 p.m. on Wednesdays.
