**Reading Response #5**

One good thing about our new discussion on the importance of design is that personally, it is not the first time that common design 
occupied my mind as an artist. Back in 2017, Netflix released Abstract: The Art of Design, a documentary series among other original 
instant-streaming shows, and the show’s interviews of celebrity designers now serve as my first clue to design’s necessity in both art and 
life. (By the way, season two of Abstract has been officially released in September 2019 for instant streaming, so I recommend watching 
this masterpiece of a program.) In fact, if the design historian John Heskett was right about people using design, like health and 
language, to communicate with the world, then it might explain perfectly why Paralympic athlete Aimee Mullins was dissatisfied not with 
her amputated legs, but with her prosthetic ones instead. Although Mullins’ artificial limbs were medically designed to take her mind off 
of amputation since she was one year old, her tools have also given her bad moral comfort, since she just desired to work and play with 
the normal people around her like she was truly one of them. 

Having said that, Mullins is not the only special person who deserves equally special yet proper treatment: my own mother knew my love for 
art so well that she introduced me to Kodi Lee, the rightful champion of America’s Got Talent’s 14th season! Mrs. Lee, Kodi’s own mother, 
has always known that his autism and legal blindness are major handicaps for her son. So, as any other mother would do, Mrs. Lee has 
witnessed everything in Kodi’s life, especially how he came to listen to, play, and love music from an early age. Eventually, the Lees 
decided that a career in music is the perfect emotional, rather than medical, solution to save Kodi’s life, which it did in the end, 
considering how America’s Got Talent sympathized with the young man’s backstory and relations of support with his mother.
A more familiar account of art, design and health influencing the world, is the history of glasses. The first opinion humans made about 
glasses wasn’t exactly popular, for the earliest users of visual aid include the Roman emperor Nero, and they all used reading stones just 
to research science and literature while Nero himself was said to have used an emerald for the same job. And the fact that people began by 
the 13th century to invent glasses now resembling ours today, has hardly changed the demographics (religions, scholars, scientists, and 
elders) who most need glasses, nor society’s opinions for glasses being more than medical tools for the nerdy kind. Of course, the good 
news is that since the 1930s, leading figures have been able to change people’s impressions about glasses, including American polymath 
Benjamin Franklin (in pop culture and in hindsight anyway, no pun intended), U.S. president Theodore Roosevelt and even superheroes like 
Superman and Wonder Woman. So, why does good design matter overall? Because design already has the power to suggest improvement for a 
better world, while art in general retrospect merely suggest change (not that this purpose is inherently bad); and good design implies 
popularity which then would give rise to increased supplies or accessibility for people’s increasing demands, even though design requires 
more careful planning and consultation than art (https://github.com/rarar/SJSU_ART_104_F19/blob/master/docs/Why%20good%20design%20matters%20-%20Alice%20Rawsthorn.pdf).
