Reading Five

This week's reading was interesting to read and think about. Typically, when I think about design, I don't really think about whether it's a good or bad design. I tend to simply think about whether or not it's useful or if it does the job for whatever purpose it's serving. So it was really inspiring reading about Aimee Mullins and Hugh Herr and their journey of designing and re-designing prosthetics that would be more accomodating for them in terms of comfort and variety. It's also interesting that it's those who are actually in need of a good design, that they re-design the standard one. I think this is a good point into making good design. I feel like the designer should be, in some way, be the reason for what the design is being made for. Just like with Aimee Mullins who was an aputee herself, her designing better prosthetics to benefit not only herself but for other aputees makes the product or design more genuine, and builds a better connection between all three (those who are using the design, the designer themself, and the actual design). I'm not saying that everyone who designs should only make things that are meant for themselves, but that there is just a better understanding and connection with the design if they do. In the end, people should always strive for good design. Rather than simply trying to solve a problem by offering something that would, at surface level, fix it, people should work hard to think about: long-term affects, the audience or consumers, the accessibility and accomobility, and anything else that can be defined into good design. Basically, a lot of research and considerations should go into a design and if there's tested flaws, it should continue to be built up upon. Don't sell out. Though money does have a lot of control in the design world, good design should not have that as its main focus, as it'll just sell short. The senior designer from an American company who flew out to China to oversee the final stage of prototyping for a new product despite the SARS epidemic brewing in China is an example of how money-focused minds can be dangerous. Was their design even considered good design? Especially after taking that risk into China? Maybe to them because of how much money they earned. But to be honest, I feel like part of good design includes the process of delivering it, like the safety and integrity of both the producers/designers and the people they're marketing towards. It is a shame to see how much people and/or companies are willing to go through just to make money. Another thing to note is that the article also talked about bad design--or even designs with minor flaws. The ballot cards of Palm Beach County, Florida in the 2000 US presidential election were not accurately represented all because of a faulty marking machine (I also think that the whole idea--or design--of punching holes in a ballot to vote isn't a really good design/idea for reasons as stated above). But not only that, the ballots themselves were flawed in design because of the enlarged layout--for good intentions though. With these bugs, there was no accuracy in votes. Though good intentions is a great way to start a design, I feel like there should be tests runs when releasing a new design or re-design of somethingg, such as gathering a group of volunteers to look at a sample to see how they react/feel about it. Overall, it can be difficult to produce the perfect design, as there would always be some sort of flaw, whether it really affects anything or not. However, I believe that people, like Aimee Mullins, are still capable of creating good design for all of the right reasons.
