**Reading Five**

After read the reading of this week which is Alice Rawsthorn's book Hello World, I feel like over this years, designs have been credited for having significant impact on human lives and enabling us to solve current and future problems. With this in mind, designs have played some major roles in constantly shifting the human form from its former to its current state. For instance, designs have empowered human beings and made it possible to craft their happiness. Also, such as the topic we mention lask week, the world will different and design will shifted the human form from today's world. Additionally, designs have enabled human beings to successfully engage in activities that not only improve their welfare but also guarantee them political, economic and social success. Nonetheless, despite their positive attributes, designs have also subjected a section of the human population to misery and failure. 

Possible solutions to problems remain useless until they prove their value to the individuals they intend to serve. For this reason, designers have constantly sought to not only avail solutions to problems but also ensure that such solutions are cleverly customized to meet their target populations’ needs. For instance, in its deliberate effort to improve the mobility of persons living with disabilities, designs have led to the development of prosthetic legs and wheelchairs, all of which help to ease movement and assist them to lead normal lives. 

Though often misinterpreted to mean the same thing, there exist slight differences between art and design. First, while design solves problems, art creates problems and provokes people to find solutions to such problems (Luca). Secondly, unlike art, designs have strict goals, which in most cases provide solutions that make the world a better place. Further, art is a constant search that demands a lot of creativity form artists. On the other hand, designs area constant observation, whose success does not necessarily demand a lot of creativity. 
