## Reading #5:"Why Good Design Matters"

 When looking at this chapter there are many things that crossed my mind. When looking at design I have always looked at good and bad design because of my major, which is Graphic Design. It is interesting to see the take on good design that was presented in this chapter. From the prosthese to the ball to the voting all of these presented some idea to contribute to looking at what good design is and why it matters. 
 
First I will look at the presthetics. Looking at Mullins story I see that she was there from the early stages of the development to more functional and usable prosthetics. Duirng the early stages it was geared towards making the amputee look like a regular person rather than  being geared towards good design which would mean it was functional and usable. Later on Mullins recieved much better prosthese that would help with her posture, muscles, joints, and overall improve her movibility. All while being designed good. The good design comes from it being functional and solving a problem. Good design solves a problem and does it without being noticed. Which brings me to talkimg about the soccerball. In the chapter there was talk about a lot of different balls. However, the ones that went noticed were the ones who impacted how a player played. For example, the goalkeepers would complain about a ball and its design, but on the other hand strikers would just say they love the ball because they like how it allowed them to perform better. It was a bad design for the goal keepers, but a good design for the strikers. Lastly, I will look at an example of bad design. This came when they started to talk about the elections in the US in the year 2000. Bush vs Gore. the way the voting cards were designed made it so that there was a lot of room for error, which is what exactly occured. The card was a punch out system and the choices were right next to one another. The device they used for punching out the option the voter was voting for was flawed and sometimes punched two times and or completely messed up the ballot or to accidentally end up voting for another person. This lead to there being massive amounts of invalid ballots or people voting for the wrong candidate. It ended up meaning that someone else won the presidental election and was named the new president, instead of the person who was supposed to win. All due to the bad design. Had this design been good it would have been overlooked and never talked about. However, since it was so bad it is constantly looked at to see how NOT to make another ballot so that a similar mistake doesn't occur again. 

It is interesting to see how design has made all things more accessible. An exmaple I could use is from the reading in how prosthese have changed so much that they are now more functional and usable to the point where amputees can now become professional athletes. Art and design have to different functions I believe. Art is more for viewing. Art usually has no functional or usable aspect to it. It is made in order to convey emotions and bring questions to light. On the other hand, design's main function is to solve a problem. Design is used in order to create something to solve a problem, if it is practicle and functional then it is considered good design, and if it looks good as well then that is just a plus. And good design usually goes unnoticed by the regular person, because they are okay with the design and it doesn't cause them to question why the design is the way it is. 
