I truly believe that design has changed more things in our lives than we think. There are 2 major things that I remember/realized while reading this snippet from Rawsthor’s book. The first is the fact that originally prosthetics were created to help those who had lost limbs do normal things like walking and looking normal, and allowing or providing limited prosthetics so that the amputees “fit in” with society. While reading about Aimee Mullins, specifically about how she did not accept certain prosthetics because they were inadequate and all-around useless for all the sports she was into growing up, I thought about the movie Soul Surfer. This movie tells the true story of Bethany Hamilton, a surf champion who lost her whole arm during a shark attack. There was a specific scene in the movie where someone of high status, I can not remember who, presented Bethany with a prosthetic arm on live television. At first, she was excited, the arm looked lifelike and was close to her skin tone so she tried it on. She then realized that she could not surf with this arm because it had barely any bend in the joint area meaning she could not push up her body up off her surfboard while in the water, so she refused to wear it. What I love about modern prosthetics is how they can easily be designed to accommodate the needs of everyone who has lost a limb or two, that there are designers who specialize in the creation of prosthetics is wonderful. Yes, prosthetics were designed in the past to make those who did not have all their limbs look average/normal, however modernly the amazing and powerful people are standing proud in the light, showing off their newest prosthetics and being admired all over the world. From the bionic looking arms of 13-year-old Tilly Lockey to the cancer survivor, Mama Cax, who at 14 was told she would only live 3 more weeks. Cax had to have her right leg amputated. Now she is modeling and living her best life showing off her beautifully designed prosthetics. 

The second topic that I realized was that design affects everyone, not just in our city or even country, but around the world. Take our streets and high ways for example. Most streets are designed with two to four lanes, not including bike lanes, allowing cars to go in two different directions. Other streets have One-Way roads where all the cars are going in the same direction. All these streets have signs and are designed in such a way that there is no confusion on which way a car should be going. Next is our highways. Once again cars are on the same road just going in different directions.  The way both highways and streets are designed affect our lives greatly. They determine when we get to work, how we get home, and who gets to drive in certain lanes. Another aspect of how design affects everyone is in how our cell phones are designed and haven't moved pasted what shape they are today. The modern cell phone is a flat small rectangular screen shaped device that can fit in the back pocket of a pair of jeans. This design/ look of the modern cell phone has been unmatched in over a decade. Currently, companies are trying to create different looking phones like the Samsung Galaxy Fold or the Huawei Mate X, where the phone can be folded in half, this however has not made a huge hit in our society, people are not rushing to buy these new types of phones like they are the newest iPhone. Hopefully in the near future this will change and the design of the modern cell phone will evolve again into I don't know a holographic one, we'll see.
