Significance of Good Design</p>
Alice Rawsthorn's book, Hello World, explores what good design means to human beings. A good design is meaningful not only to the business but also to consumers. Although it might be argued that money is the main reason behind the various innovations that have led to the excellent design people enjoy today, it is not the only one. As Rawsthorn points out in the chapter “Why Good Design Matters,” good design improves user experience, affects the human form, and appeals to aesthetics.</p>
First, design is important for making life more bearable. Contemporary society appreciates good design more than the previous generations because they live in an era when companies invest huge capital to achieve the best designs possible. Good designs have made people’s lives much easier by simplifying directions, physical paths, and tasks that would have been tedious to handle or accomplish in the past. People with difficulties such as Mullins have benefited from good designs by eliminating pain that they had to go through in order to walk like the non-amputees. Modern society appreciates good designs because they improve people's capacity for accomplishment and mobility. Even in sports, good designs make it easier for athletes to give their best when on the field. That is why companies such as Nike spend more on research and innovation to ensure that they come up with the best designs possible in sportswear. The first principle of good design is function and how it enhances life for the user.</p>
Furthermore, good designs have completely shifted the human form in contemporary society. In art, the human form mainly represents how beautiful the human figure is on the outside. Now people have learned to appreciate the human figure because of its mental and physical strengths. The good designs available in the market enhance these benefits of the human form. People are able to perform better and utilize the capabilities of their body when they use the best designs available. Sports and performing arts are designed for the audience and athletes to have a greater appreciation of what a human form can achieve.</p>
In many ways, good design has also increased people’s appreciation for aesthetics. People attach more appreciation and value to objects that involve good design. They have also enhanced people’s appreciation of nature and how it complements their lives as human beings. Most of the good designs in modern society seek to promote environmental preservation by making people aware of the significance of nature and its beauty. Attractive artworks and other structures are also greatly appreciated as part of good design. In architecture, functional planning has enabled people to come up with buildings that preserve heat during cold seasons and enhance heat loss during hot seasons. In this manner, good designs have made life more comfortable in contemporary society while appealing to the aesthetics.</p>
Overall, it is clear from Rawsthorn’s Hello World that good designs have had a great impact on people's lives. They have become part of people's lives by improving everyday living and making difficult tasks accessible. In addition, modern design has changed humans’ view of their own form. People also enjoy life more when they are surrounded by good design because of clean aesthetics. Therefore, good design has improved people’s lives in all aspects.</p>
