Design is all around us and has been integrated into our daily lives whether we are aware of  it or not. It has become a major part of our lives and determines how we interact with everything around us. In Alice Rawsthorn's book, Hello World, she writes a chapter titled “Why Good Design Matters”, discussing the importance of quality design and the drastic impact it has on our lives. In this chapter, the author used Aimee Mullin as an example of how dramatically design can alter someone's life. Mullin was an extremely athletic child but had to have both of her legs amputated. She had the option to use prosthetics but unfortunately in the 70’s the options were very limited, leaving her with heavy, clunky, painful legs she had to strap into every morning. As the years went by she tried many different types of prosthetic legs but always had to modify them herself to accommodate her lifestyle. In highschool she would force herself to sit slouched in her seat in order to fit in with other students even though it was uncomfortable until one of her classmates mentioned that she shouldn't care what she looks like because she has prosthetics. Mullin had every right to care what she looked like and just like every other girl in highschool but, the legs were putting her at a disadvantage. She ended up being the first athlete with prosthetics to compete in college sports and from there she was able to spread awareness and work closely with companies and designers to create a wider and more comprehensive selection of prosthetics for herself and everyone else struggling with similar issues. Through the element of design , Mullin was able to change the course of her life and others in order to create prosthetics that were functional, comfortable, and beautiful. Through design, we have been able to look at people who have been at a disadvantage and bring them to having an unfair advantage. Through innovation in prosthetics, rock climbers can grip tighter, athletes can run faster, and people can even switch out their legs in order to be taller or more elegant. With quality designs such as these, we have also been improving accessibility. When comparing good and bad design, the ladder sticks out like a sore thumb and becomes incredibly obvious. Modern humans have adapted to convenience and when a bad design has become obvious and has made are lives even a little bit harder, the god design will be referenced and repeated. In the case of Mullin, her success with the new and improved prosthetic proved how bad the original ones really were. This allowed the news ones to become more popular and therefore produced more making them accessible to more and more children without their legs. When something doesn't feel right people get annoyed and complain which shifts the demand to the design that is easier to interact with. So when the demand is with the design, more people will start to care about the design and make  it more accessible. Many people confuse art and design when in reality they tend to be quite the opposite. Design is meant to solve a problem and affects us directly while art is more abstract and tends to ask questions in order to inspire us. If a design is good, it will go unnoticed because of how naturally well interact with it but if a piece of art is good we would praise it and love how it stands out. 
