**Why good design matters.**

Its fairly straight forward; good design allows us to perform without hinderance and it enables the user to focus solely on the task at hand. Alice Rawsthorn and many of history’s most accomplished designers, both graphic and industrial, have said that good design goes unnoticed. This is arguably the most important factor in determining good design. Does it accomplish the task? Yes. Does it leave the user questioning or longing for more? No. That’s good design. 

It's unfortunate that most well-designed products or services are under appreciated. The value of good design is most often only mentioned after it has replaced a previously terrible design. A runner will point out how wonderfully light their new pair of shoes are and how they no longer suffer from painful blisters. Users will commend a new operating system’s features for speeding up workflow only because the previous version lacked certain functions. When someone switches from one smartphone company to another, they may return a year later, commenting on how simple and intuitive it is compared to the other, only realizing it after given the opportunity to compare. Those same people, along with millions of others, are likely to pick up that phone and check social media as soon as they wake, squinting and trying desperately to focus to see if there have been any new comments made during the night. While getting ready for work, they make a quick cup of coffee by inserting a prepackaged pod into a machine and selecting their favored portion size. During the mere seconds it takes to brew and pour, they may look back to their phone to check traffic conditions, trying to determine this morning’s fastest commute. Each of these examples refers back to the statement made earlier— that good design allows us to focus on the task at hand without distractions. If the coffee machine required the user to program the water temperature, grind the coffee beans, select the strength of the brew and measure out the exact portion size to fill their cup each morning, he or she would quickly become frustrated, especially when they’re running late. Good design influences our behavior. The reason smartphones are so enormously popular and why people are willing to spend hundreds and in some cases even thousands of dollars each year to use them, is because they have simplified so many tasks for us. Having access to so much information and entertainment at all times has not only improved our level of happiness, one can argue that it has also negatively influenced certain aspects of our livelihoods. Go to any restaurant on a busy night and you’re likely to see groups of people sitting together, yet their attention is on their devices. 

Of course good design has in many ways improved the lives of those with accessibility needs. There are tools and even clothing that allow people with muscle dystrophy to often function without the assistance of others, offering them independence. I assume when self-driving cars enter the consumer market, it will finally allow people with physical disabilities that currently prevent them from driving, to more easily travel on their own— again, offering independence. As Rawsthorn mentioned, in some instances, a well-designed object can actually be so effective that someone like Hugh Herr has an advantage over others without accessibility needs. 

The challenge that designers must tackle is not to find solutions for accessibility after the fact, like providing VoiceOver on the iPhone, but to develop these functions simultaneously. Ideally, the best design will enable any user to perform a task without issue, no matter their ability.  
