# Reading 5 Responde 
## Why good design matters
### Alice Rawsthorn

This article about Why good design matters by Alice Rawsthorn just brought a whole new perspective to me about why good design matters. Before I started reading this article, I did ask myself "Why good design matters?" - The few things I thought of was more like: visually pleasing, readable, usable. But after reading this, my eyes were opened. I never really thought about it that deep or that far. I feel like I've been taking design for granted. One of the stories in this article I found interesting is Mullins's.

Mullins was born with fibulas in her leg; so in other to walk, she would have to be amputated and use the prosthesis. It's unfortunate and it's really not her choice...and there was no choice for "artificial limbs" back then. The prosthesis is not something one size fit all. I don't think anything is one size fit all. Do you think Design is one size fit all? Maybe?, but maybe not for artificial legs...

Reading the first half of the story makes me a bit mad. 4 lines into her story, I already felt like she deserves better than those cheap, badly design prosthesis. As the story mentioned, it has been "that way" since it was invented. It's not something people think could be more innovated because of couple reason: it wasn't in demand, and nobody complains ( my thoughts: nobody complains because that's their only choice, there's no point to complain, there's no second option, you walk or you don't). I felt unfair for Mullins. "*When Mullins was sixteen, her wooden legs were replaced by woven carbon-fiber ones, which were, at least, less painful and onerous to move in. 'The first time I put them on, I felt as though I was walking on a cloud. I hadn't realized what an ordeal it had been to wear the wooden legs, because they were all I'd ever known*" She had to endure the pain to adapt to the prosthesis; while it should be reserved; the prosthesis should be adapted to her instead. I especially like the part when she mentioned how she was looking at waxwork at Madame Tussauds and realized how they can make such "nice fake legs" for the mannequin, but why can't they build a decent one for human beings. Yes!! Why can't it be that way? Maybe it can be that way if the people who build Prosthetic could put their design thinking hat on, design for usability instead of just to make something. Then maybe it will be better for everyone. 

It makes me even more upset when someone said to her "It's really a shame that you care what you look like, Aimee. you're an amputee, you just need to accept that". Mullins doesn't have to accept anything; Mullins is just like everyone else..and in reality, everyone cares what they look like. I'm proud of Mullins for how she realized she doesn't have to accept this crap, that she doesn't have to compromise for anything. Because of this, Mullins worked with designers and designed her own prostheses, because she knows it best; she has been user-testing them for her whole life. She transformed herself from someone who was in pain & unsatisfied, to a world-famous athletic and model. She did not compromise with the bad design; imagine if she was stuck with the badly designed prosthesis, would she be successful as she is now? A good designed prosthesis just changed someone's life. A good design matters, in every aspect. In Mullin's case, she refuses to let her disability affect her life. She chose not to let the badly designed prosthetic to define her. I believe this is a perfect example to show why good design matters. It's not only about visual pleasing, usable, readable. It matters because a good design could change someone's life for good.
