
When people think of good design, the first thing that pops up are its aesthetics. Does it look pretty? Then other things people think about are its materials, sustainability, and is it functional. Yet it is often forgotten how good design could impact someone's life. In the case of Mullins, she had always thought that she had to get used to her painful wooden prostheses. It never even crossed her mind that those were poorly designed prostheses. It wasn't until she was sixteen and she replaced her wooden ones with carbon-fibre ones. She described it as " The first time I put them on I felt as though I was walking on a cloud. I hadn't realized what an ordeal it had been to wear the wooden legs, because they were all I'd ever known." However although these new prostheses were better than her wooden pair they are described as looking dreadful. Why is it that although people put so much time and effort in making pretty designs for something as disposable as packaging, but they can not design something appealing that is a part of people's everyday life. Prostheses are not just an accessory for people but an incredibly important part of their everyday life. Mullins did not want to just ignore her dreadful protheses, instead she wanted to do something about it. She did want to accept that just because she was an amputee, she had to wear something ugly. Mullins wanted more than just a functioning pair of prosthetics. She worked towards making prostheses that were not just designed well functionally but also aesthetically as well. She was successful as she was invited by the renowned fashion designer Alexander McQueen to model in one of his shows. I think her story really reminds us to be more conscious of using good design for more than things that are just too look at such as movies, posters, photographs etc, but it is important to incorporate good design into functional objects as well. Good design is not just pretty it is able to improve people's lives and make it better. This concept of good design should be applied to things in everyday life. Often people forget that the things they produced are not just something people look at but it is to be used. There needs to be a conscious effort on how the design could improve people's lives. In this book bad design is also discussed. One famously bad design that left a huge impact was LePore's design for the presidential election. You might think designing ballots might not be such a big deal, but LePore's design made it confusing for people to vote. The new layout did not have the names and punch out boxes properly lined up. As a result a lot of people were mistakenly voting for the wrong people. When people realized they punched the wrong hole they panicked and even punched an additional hole. This caused a disruption in the presidential election. Good design is important because bad design does not just mean something is ugly, it could have a negative impact in someone's life. In the case of LePore, bad design had an impact on the whole country.
