Reading 5

When I was reading the story about Mullins got beautiful and comfortable designed prosthetic legs finally rebuilt her life, I appreciated that good design could change people's life. For more examples: people have dyslexia can use individual special machines to help them to overcome their difficulties. People who are blind can walk a street without other's company because the sound signals and street designs. They can read a book by themselves as well. Instant translation products can help people to travel anywhere in the world without knowing any other language. Those are helpful, sensible, and practical products of design are like inventions, which ideas are from people's needs. These designs have increased the quality of life of people. Some universal designs can make people easier survive in their unfamiliar places such as freeway and airport — the signs and icons such as "SOS". 

I like some designs, such as Japanese boarding houses. They are confined because the country is small with a significant population, but designers are still trying to make their life as comfortable as possible under their conditions. I like German's kitchen stuff because I love cooking, so I have paid attention to that. Some of them like artisan to make an object by using their perception and consciousness. （To be honest, I was born and raised in China, we can do any cooking things with our hands without any tools, do not think they are necessary designs. ）I used to live in Argentina, there were many washing machine and faucets were made by German one hundred years ago, but they are still functioning well. It made me think now many washing machines can only have five years of life span. How much more electrical waste has created. 

There are many objects, such as furniture, building, and clothes designed for rich and famous. The meaning of design has been changed by economic growth. People wanted to pursuit some fashionable trends. These should be discouraged. Violist has blasted the World Trade Center, but people rebuilt another World Trade Center. I do not know how this makes any sense to show a country's power without considering it's the construction of the design. It is just innocent to give another opportunity to violist. In the 1980s, one of the trash cashes on the street blasted by human factors in Japan, the government changed the law immediately, which was to ban all the trash cans on the street in Tokyo. Please be careful to bring your trash to the hotel when you are visiting Tokyo. 

Many products are designed for massives in China and many other countries as well because they do not want to take risks to produce an object to a small group of people in case they get not enough benefits. For examples: The wheelchairs can not access to the bus in China because merchants do not consider their needs because they are small population without much benefits for them. Star-bucks have developed many types of coffee and small gifts such as cups, toys, and moon cake and sell them as higher prices than America in China. Keep changing their products to stimulate people to buy more and more. Those are not designer. The purpose of the design has changed due to commercial values. They are designing more and more trash on the planet. 

The voting system has changed due to the use of AI technology. The method of design is another topic of authority and power, which we can do nothing excepting to change the political system. 
