  In the article “Why Good Designs Matters”, Alice Rawsthorn explains that design is so important today that it has life-and-death implications on human life. Design is so important today that it influences virtually every aspect of human life, including health, sports, travel and transport, communication, business and production and consumption of products. Today, design has the capacity to influence how human body appears, operates and interacts with the physical environment. Through design, it is possible to produce artificial legs and other medical appliances that handicapped people can use to experience life like, or better than, normal people. In business, design serves the role of persuading the customers to appreciate and purchase products. Many businesses use design processes to improve the appearance, value, quality, safety and sustainability, among other things, of their products, brands, businesses, systems, processes and strategies.
  Design is different from arts in that while the latter focuses on creating impressions and producing ideas, symbols and imitations that yield entertainment, design focuses on enhancing the functioning abilities and value of the aspect being designed. Art focuses on yielding entertainment, education, awareness and other similar impressions. Design, on the other hand, aims at improving the efficiency, appearance, portability, suitability, sustainability or compatibility, among other things, of the object being designed. Whereas art aims at creating something out of nothing, design aims at making something compatible with something else. Design does not entirely rely on the creativity and imagination of the designer, unlike art which entirely represents the expressions of the artist. Designers have to study the users, viewers, owners and individual characteristics of the things they design for them to be capable of effectively doing their work. Design is also different from architecture, which aims at building something. There is, however, a compatible relationship between art, design and architecture, among other disciplines.

