Reading Response #5

In the reading “Why good design matters,” Alice Rawsthorn uses an example that the product evaluator risked his life to complete the work in the heavily affected area. Alice laid a hook for us to understand the importance of design, a very good product can earn lots of money, that is for sure. And then, Alice mentions about Aimee Mullins —— an American actor, model and athlete who She amputated her limbs from a young age and received prosthetic limbs to walk and move. Aimee did not as other amputees did because they could not overcome the pain caused by prosthetics choose to sit in a wheelchair. Instead, after using different prostheses, Almee developed better alternatives by looking for design flaws in prostheses. As the efforts of Aimee and Herr promoteD the progress of prosthetic limb, millions of people benefit from the efforts of Aimee and Herr. It is also because their efforts that have made the prosthetic limb design in the world improved comprehensively. 
	
Next, Alice pointed out a fact about design “Design has had a wide impact on us before we realized it, so even if those bad designs can cause many problems, we can hardly solve them one by one.“ Indeed, we often overlook the good designs around us, because as the world develops, they become ubiquitous. But when we think about it carefully, it seems that we can't leave these hidden designs in our lives. For example, why do we have all kinds of chairs in our life? Because the use and function of each chair are different, some chairs can make people sit comfortable, some can make people uncomfortable, but they are purposeful design, good design. I will need a comfortable chair when I want to relax. But when I want to focus on study, a chair that makes me "uncomfortable" and has to move my body will help me activate the blood in my brain so that I don't feel sleepy. However, in many people's eyes, it's just a "chair." People have taken the universality of life for granted. But if we want to relax but sitting in a hard and uncomfortable chair, we may thank the world for the existence of comfortable chairs.
	
At the end of the article, Alice repeated the importance of good design with examples of football and airports. In 2010, the official World Cup in South Africa designated the ball to help players to better complete the goal, but also let many goalkeepers bite their teeth. After the players scored and the goalkeepers lost the ball, they all blamed themselves for the failure to notice the design of the ball. Signs are no stranger to people at airports, shopping malls and even railway stations, but we often ignore its usefulness. But supposing it points us the wrong way, will we realize that we are also invisibly affected? Alice explains “It's normal that even if something keeps us from making mistakes, we seldom realize its value; only when such forces are abnormal can we reflect on how important they really are.” Maybe good design won't attract your attention, but the good design really matters.
