Alice Rawsthorn is an award-winning, world-renowned design critic and journalist, and the author of the book Hello World.  Her book explains how graphics, the product, and interactive design assist, and inadvertently hinder, human beings. She also describes the role of designers in changing our lives. Rawsthorn notes that design is one of the most powerful forces in people's lives. In the chapter “Why Good Design Matters” in Hello World, Rawsthorn tries to show that designers can be effective in achieving the desired objective. Design is infinitely captivating as it is shaped by its context and is highly dynamic. It thus becomes necessary to reevaluate our perception of it constantly.  The understanding and dissemination of design can refute the profoundly damaging assumption that design is somehow inferior to art.
Rawsthorn notes that good design should be aimed toward the service of a better life. Unfortunately, this achievement of this objective is not always guaranteed. Although set up with the best intentions, some design projects threaten to make life more complicated than it already is.  The ballot box plan for the 2000 presidential elections is an instance of design failure. Although the plan was altered to promote clarity and legibility, its result proved too confusing for the voters. It may perhaps have cost the outcome of the vote there, and the entire election.
Rawsthorn illustrates design as conceiving and putting into practice change in a meticulous way. Businesses have adopted design as a means for responding to technological innovations. It makes it more important, available, and significant to their customers. Good design's usage includes the means to tackle essential issues in developing economies. An example is Sanga Moses’ achievement.  She came up with the means for farmers in Uganda to transform agricultural waste into energy and fertilizer. This shows how design has affected the human form today and impacted accessibility.
Alice Rawsthorn argues against the misconception that design is principally a styling tool. She shows this to be weak approach when compared to the examples of a more commercial attitude to design. Her justification is based on IBM's 1970 motto, "design is good business." She describes a good design as a good business with the potential to enhance people’s lives. Art and design are quite different aspects. An artist's work is for himself, and their judgment basis is the artist's aesthetics. For a designer, versatility is a requirement in the line of work. In this regard, therefore, one needs to understand the intended outcome for the clients. A designer should also adapt their designs to appeal to other people, and not according to the former’s preferences.  The design should also suit clients’ needs and requirements.
A good design is a tool for people's empowerment. Good designers strive to achieve functional, meaningful, empowering, and encouraging work. Currently, evidence shows that many designers are hard-wired to control their environment. It is fascinating that creative design is now seen as not only generating unique creations, but also as providing simple, practical solutions to problems. Designing is also an art that causes steep competition as designers yearn for power, which is not necessarily malignant. A spectrum of business considers design as a way to respond to the modern technological innovations.  Considering the growing recognition of the importance of design in today’s world, Rawsthorn’s insights in HelloWorld seem to be of particular relevance in many aspects of our lives.
