Response:

Digital labor is a term that was completely unknown to me. Its content/essence, however, was not. Well, to an extent. I always thought about this concept on the surface (before I knew it was even a concept). Basically, I would find myself thinking about how it's cool that technology is evolving and all, but what was even more interesting was how those who use it for work seem to automatically adjust to any type of new tech that is necessary to their practice, as if its second nature to them. To elaborate, let's say adobe releases a huge update for Photoshop, where a lot of the prior user interface has changed dramatically. Those who use Photoshop for work would naturally attempt to adapt to the new version in an instance. The software doesn't get conform to them, but rather they do to it. I feel like this thought can be connected with the way Schmieg defines digital labor. As he states, digital workers are "software extensions" as they "are extending a computational system by offering [their] body, senses, or cognition" (Schmieg). We are already quickly adapting to the way technology functions. This can be categorized as part of being software extensions as our minds have grown to be regularly connected in the digital network scene. So the idea technology being an extension of our bodies makes sense. Tech only seems to be like the middleman. Yes it'll help provide functions to construct something. But it's really the people or digital workers who create those functions, who resolve bugs, and who do the research. They're plugged in with the software, doing all the labor, while the software itself would simply execute. It's really sad and a little disheartening hearing that digital workers (or pretty much anybody who is digitally involved) are software extensions. It's kind of dehumanizing in my opinion, though I still agree with the idea/label. What makes it even more sad is how Schmieg described digital workers as easily removed/discarded. It's unfortunate that those who spent a lot of time and practice with their work can be overlooked with somebody who has done less, especially through online platforms. For example, when they started talking about Fiverr, I immediately thought that, that was a perfect example of a platform making it easy to hire/fire anybody. Somebody who has had plenty of experience and is simply looking for a quick gig could go unnoticed and thus not exactly "hired" or payed for their services compared to somebody who has no experience. To be honest, this interview bummed me out a little bit in the beginning about working in the digital field, which is something I'm currently setting my path for. I've always had a problem on "deciding my future" in terms of work/career. As soon as I figured out that I wanted to do something in lines of WebDev and UI/UX, I was excited at first. But, as Schmeig said, it would still be nice to not have to work at all; we're all too obsessed with it!
