# Pretend to Be a Bot, Rehumanize the Web

Pretend to Be a Bot, Rehumanize the Webmade me want more from Sebastian Schmieg pertaining both his art and his thoughts on AI. I looked more examples of his work as I read and found his use of a variety of mediums to be purposefully placed and beautifully executed. I’d like to see more in the future and furthermore I’d like to know more about his thoughts on AI. He mentions that he believes AI will never be able to create, or have authorship because a computer can only ever follow a set of instructions. I wonder if questioned further on the subject if he might give his opinion on what makes humans different from AI. For example imagine a future where researchers found that free-will is a construct, that our next move and word became predictable, then what might happen to our idea of creativity? Without even going that deep, how can we know that our choices and creativity are not bound to the instructions given to us by our environment? If our creativity could be modeled in AI, and was ran in code form in a AI system, I’d have a hard time not accepting the output as art. I today with little knowledge however think it may be possible to one day convert human creativity to an algorithm, perhaps I am foolish. However, considering that it may be possible has to lead us to accept that maybe one day there won’t be much to separate us from the AI. If I am being honest, I think as humans we want to believe we are the smartest creature on the planet. We have to in some way to continue our global domination of the planet’s survivable land. Wouldn’t admitting that maybe one day AI will become artist possible mean that art as a human looses some meaning? I wonder what Schmieg might believe if he was ever proven wrong, if AI ever could create. Yet, for now Schmieg is probably right, AI in machine learning form is very clever. I recently saw a simulation where researchers trained a 2 person team of hiders and a 2 person team of seekers to utilize their environment to play hide and go seek. In this AI of hide and seek, the social aspect of competition drove the program to creating new ways to win the game. Excuse me for saying the word creating, yet it rings true to Schmieg’s idea of art having a quality of an accident. He explains that one of the reasons his art has so many different forms of art is stated, “That said, as the invention of a new technology is also the invention of a new type of accident – to loosely paraphrase Paul Virilio” This makes me wonder if perhaps the accident, related to the loss of competition(internal or external) and how that relates to society is in some way why many of us humans make art. I know that before I start a piece that I first position it both in my mind and in society, so that I recognize the responsibility of my creation and how that positions me in my environment. It seems like Schmieg goes through a similar process. Either way AI is a very interesting topic in how it relates to the human. Schmieg did mention that in using obscure AI we can learn more about ourselves.
