**Reading 8**


In the reading, Sebastian Schmieg explores digital labor and the attributes of the online freelance service marketplace. The article provides an insight into automation and artificial intelligence with respect to art. Firstly, Schmieg adopts the perspective of a typical cloud worker to show the nature of their work. In the piece, digital workers are depicted as software extensions of a computational system. Secondly, the net artist analyses the gig-economy and the platforms that are used as online marketplaces for entrepreneurs. The research was prompted by Schmieg's experiences as a freelance web developer. Lastly, he addresses the impact and necessity of digitization and artificial intelligence on art. 

Today’s digital labor market has been marked by various changes that deem it arbitrary and strange. For instance, most digital employees can be viewed as software extensions. This is contrary to the notion that technological advancements are meant to function as an extension of humanity. The digital workers submit their bodies and cognition to optimize computational systems, making it hard to distinguish software and people. Computational software, however, has been instilled into numerous aspects of life. The consistent optimization and advancement of these algorithmic systems have compelled people to maximize their profitability and efficiency constantly. From an artist’s point of view, I find the omnipresent nature of computational systems and the inability to have a distinction between software and people to be detrimental to artists and their work. Labor can easily be accessed and discarded due to the existence of numerous online platforms. Freelancer marketplaces such as fiverr.com have fostered an environment where outsourcing digital labor is easy and affordable. Moreover, the greatly globalized nature of technological development has also facilitated the easy hiring and firing of digital labor.
	
Also referred to as the gig economy, the sharing economy has facilitated the resource exchange on demand. Anyone with the required skills can be part of the collaborative economy as one is not compelled to present a resume, portfolios are applying for the job. In the past, my friend Alex was part of a freelance marketplace platform. He used the upwork.com website to offer transcription services to clients across the world. Alex found the marketplace to be an alluring form of employment. He regularly indicated that the absence of a stressing hiring process and the ability to work at the comfort of his room were what made the sharing economy enticing. However, Upwork.com served as a lean platform that did not employ Alex, but only employed him. Alex had to cater for his tools, skills and training, functioning as a software extension. He was subjected to intense competition and undercutting from other transcribers. 

The current real-world application of artificial intelligence has significantly automized artwork.Neural networks are viewed to be necessary for facilitating productivity. Artificial intelligence aids in the detecting patterns and identifying the concepts relayed by various data. Therefore, it can be integrated into various art forms. For instance, a computer vision system can be used to synthesize the images depicting the concepts on a photograph. The existing automated systems employ a sense of surveillance in their operation. As an artist, I believe the introduction of an AI system that inculcates curiosity in its approach will accommodate artistic contributions. 
