There are two interview questions and responses and one quote that I wanted to talk about. The first question that got me thinking was “Can machine and bots be artists?” Schmiegs response to this was perfect “No, I don't think machines and bots can be artists.  However, machines and bots can produce art that even surprise artists who create or utilize them.” I agree with Schmieg,  currently machines and bots can not be artists, maybe in the future this will change, but today no one can tell Siri to produce an original work of art that they can call their own then sell for like a million dollars. I do also agree with Schmiegs saying that “machines and bots can produce art that even surprise the artists who create or utilize them.” One time I was playing with effects in Photoshop, trying to get a good background for a piece I had created, I knew I wanted it to be dark so that the piece I created, which I was making silver, would stand out. After trying and trying and trying no background seemed to work then I decided to try an effect I had been skipping because I didn’t think it would look right in the background. It fit perfectly as the background for my piece. I felt surprised, happy and kind of dumb because I had wasted so much time looking for a good background and all I had to do was put aside my previous judgments about this effect and take a chance on it. 

The second interview question that got me interested was “How could we think or design AI based on art or artists?” Of course, Schmiegs response was a great one. “Do we want AI at all? Probably. So, I guess I'd like to see AI based on collaboration, on curiosity, instead of surveillance, on fiction, on smaller data, on weird data, on ambiguity, etc. I think these are some of the approaches that artists could contribute.”  Now, I agree with Schmieg, people want A I, just not the Terminator, I'robot, Matrix, or Ultron type you know the kind that doesn’t want to kill or take over the world, I believe the consumer should have a serving A.I. like Siri or a butler. Honestly when I read A I I immediately thought of Tony Stark's Jarvis, and how that should be the model A I, but without the hacking attributes, just a helper for people. I do think that A I advancement is in our near future but it needs to also be accessible to everyone.

The final thing I wanted to respond to was the quote “The entrepreneur is a model that is becoming increasingly mandatory for everybody. Be the best you can, have a great idea, get funded, work hard, make it to the top, sell and repeat. And on the way to the top beat and disrupt all of your competitors”  I found this quote inspiring or at least up to the last sentence.  Maybe it is because I have been watching a lot of Shark Tank but I have to agree that the entrepreneur is a model that is becoming increasingly mandatory for everybody. Normal, 9-5 workers become millionaires and successful by selling their products and running a great business that they have created. Entrepreneurs are so important because anyone can become one and you don't work for anyone but yourself.  The last sentence of this quote I can't agree with because I feel like if you have a great product it should beat the competition on its own you shouldn't have to actively go disrupt them, your numbers and how much money you make selling should speak for themselves.
