Reading #8</p>
The underlying idea of Pretend to be a bot is the topic of digital labor. Sebastian Schieg in his abstract of Prezi mentions that digital workers are software extensions. His idea is that people work online were they have to pretend to be like bots.  People create codes for machines, they train this machines to work, they also create data that they use to hide messages in their works. 
Labor has shifted in today’s landscape in a way that people have become dependent on online platforms including social networks like Google and Facebook. Google uses data that has been extracted from everything that people do and uses them in their services. Solving captures Google recapture shows how people work for Google in training their networks, and deciphering data. Working for these sites should have payments since they use people to do work for their services.
The idea of Identify yourself deals mainly with how the internet has shaped people’s life into a point where they cannot differentiate between online and offline experiences. Most of our identities are connected to our Facebook profiles where most of our day to day activities take place online while when we are offline, our lives are mostly inactive. The idea behind Pretend to be a bot deals with how people work online either unconsciously or through the various platforms created to work for money. The article Identify yourself goes against allowing computers to make decisions because they don’t have human abilities and emotions while Pretend to be a bot advocates for the use of artificial intelligence in identifying problems and predicting the future through coded data that uses concepts based on the data used.
Macro level intelligence of artificial super intelligence is compared to real world applications in the way it is programed to do what human beings can do. The AI is trained to give out the desired outcome through the data that is input on it. In the real world, people are trained to be able to do certain things and after the training what the outcome is depends on what was trained. The implementation of the current AI is mainly on machines such as computers, cars, and any online activities like Siri, that follow a set of rules and instructions to produce a desired outcome.
