In “Identify Yourself,” technology and AI were presented with warmth and nostalgia as Krystal South reminisced over her upbringing and the internet’s influence. The internet was and still is a place to reinvent oneself, over and over again—there is safety behind the glowing screen of a monitor. She also recognized the potential shortcomings of developing technologies such as artificial intelligence but ultimately believed that humanity should embrace this digital era and work to improve these systems even if they are clunky and troublesome. 

The interview with Sebastian Schmieg similarly discussed identity, but focused on its relation to labor. Schmieg brought up interesting concerns over new roles that people play within the digital labor system. During these developmental stages, certain technologies undergo growing pains, like the example of chat bots. Ideally, an automated system would allow real people to communicate with companies via chat bots or AI— I would be able to enter text just as I would when messaging a real person, however, the response would be generated by a program that would in theory understand my needs. This works when the options are a simple, “yes,” or “no,” but can fail when something outside of the parameters is entered. I had no idea but if Schmieg is telling the truth, some companies hire real people to respond to customers as if they were chat bots, therefore they simulate the robotic and apathetic tone of a computer generated program. Of course, this is very ironic. Like the idea to use real people to monitor and control self-driving systems in the event that the AI fails to calculate and maneuver along the correct route. What, then, is the point of utilizing the AI? 

Last week I used Uber about 4 times to get to and from the places I needed to be. I open the app on my phone, I tell it where I want to go and it finds a person nearby who is willing to drive me there in their own car in exchange for some money. Uber, DoorDash, Instacart and TaskRabbit are just a few of the many companies that have popped up over the last few years that provide services to people without actually hiring employees in the traditional sense. By providing a platform that connects people to other people, these companies work as middlemen, never worrying about the overhead and upkeep of vehicles or employee attendance. If an “Uber Driver,” decides they don’t want to work that evening, there are plenty to fill the spot. 

There is a sort of freedom generated by the gig-economy. As workers, we have the ability to choose our hours. In a sense, we get whatever we put into it. The downside is the competition is often much higher. For companies like Fiverr, the value of creative work is most often reduced and the power is entirely in the hands of the consumer. Businesses can post a new job and expect deliverables by multiple freelancers before making a decision and ultimately only paying one person. 

And sure, companies like Uber, threaten the livlihoods of taxi-drivers or the self-driving capabilities of Tesla threaten the entire trucking industry, but society adapts and evolves. This has always been the case. Do we ever shed a tear for former elevator operators? 

I’m sorry that my response isn’t as cohesive and put-together as it could be. That being said, I’m going to jump to a new thought without any transition.

“The real Kurzweil is trying to prolong his life by taking around 100 pills a day. If this doesn’t work out, then he’s at least still alive on my server, and I own him. I even sold copies to other people so that they could grow and train their own Kurzweil.”

- Sebastian Schmieg 

This idea of saving someone or allowing them to live forever through AI is fascinating. Several questions arise, like: Can AI one day generate the same responses as an actual person, based upon the correct data, indecipherable between machine and human? Do those generated responses therefore make that person, from which the AI is replicated, immortal? If so, do we have a right to own it and use it for our own needs? Is it a form of identity theft? 

Humans are both predictable in many ways and unpredictable in others. Will unpredictable behavior become a thing of the past? Will AI understand our influences and thought processes completely? 

