Pretend to Be a Bot, Rehumanize the Web

In Sebastian Schmieg’s interview “Pretend to be a Bot Humanize the Wed”, the artist goes into detail about his inspiration and meaning behind some of his art pieces and the impact he hopes to have on society. One of the main underlying ideas of his work is digital workers acting as software extensions. This is when a human is doing the job that could potentially be done by a human or AI and acting as an extension of the internet. Whenever a human interacts with the internet in this type of way we are feeding it data and making it stronger and more capable of doing human-like things. This is quite a scary concept because in theory we are helping the internet become more like us every day and potentially take over our jobs and develop human capabilities such as making choices. In our previous reading, Josh Weizeubaum proposed that there is a difference between deciding and making a choice and making choices are what make us human due to all of the factors and emotions that stand behind our choices. On the other hand decisions are easy calculations that could be weighed by a computer depending on the outcome you want. If AI would be able to gather enough data in order to make choices, that would be one of the most human-like capabilities. Labor has definitely shifted in today's digital landscape and we have seen a dramatic shift in how we acquire work. Companies such as uber and door dash have allowed us to be under the impression that we are working for ourselves. These types of platforms are called “lean” and provide the framework for jobs but do not employ anyone.  These jobs are great and allow for flexible hours but you need to provide your own training and healthcare. People who work for these companies are basically acting as software extensions serving other entrepreneurs. In last weeks article we discussed people’s online personalities and how their identity is made up. It talked about how within the internet there is an entire community of people with entire personalities that are not who they are in real life but these online personas and still impact the real world. This article on the other hand is talking about the computer actually having the personality and if it gathers enough data it would be able to form its own identity rather than being controlled by a human.  It also infers the reverse of the first article by suggesting that the internet is making up part of our real life identity and is in some ways controlling us. We are so influenced by forms of AI and technology in our daily lives that we have become reliant on it. We get all of our information through it and some people have made an entire career based around it. 
