# Reading Respond 8
## Pretend to Be a Bot, Rehumanize the Web

When I see 2 words "Fiverr" and "software extension", one thing came to mind: Me. I was once a software extension on Fiverr, and only lasted about 1 week. I always tell people how I was technically some design slave that was disposable and whose works had no value. In fact, after reading this article, it makes me realize that I was technically a bot. "Being a software extension also means that it’s very easy to be removed and discarded." They didn't need to know if I have spent 4 years in design school, they didn't care or need to know I'm an award-winning designer. It doesn't matter. If I don't do it, within seconds, they can find someone from India who would design 10 posters for $5. No one can beat that.

Digital labor is very interesting to me. When they mention Uber or Lyft, it's fascinating to me that these multi-millions companies own 0 car. Their business model runs on digital & physical labor. Google collects user's data aka user's digital labor to optimize their service. In a sense, we're all digital labor of some sort. Sebastian Schmieg mentioned that one of her projects on neural networks is about AI recreation of inventor, singularitarian and Google’s resident futurist, Ray Kurzweil. I went onto the linked website LSTM and found it interesting how AI is constantly writing and reading, using all the information obtained from reading all Ray Kurzweil's books.

Can machines and bots be artists? Schmieg thinks they cannot. "However, machines and bots can produce art that even surprises the artists who create or utilize them." I agree with her opinion. AI and machines can learn what we want it to learn, we have to feed them initial info and that would influence the outcome. They can create an art piece using what we train it to. They may be able to create things on their own once it's fully trained, however; the art piece may not carry meaning, emotion or thinking behind it much because it does not have human values.
