I think the cpncept of digital labor is interesting. Especially when talking about services like Uber. Uber is a large company with tons of workers and drivers yet the company themselves do not actually hire any workers. People who want to work as an uber driver can easily apply for the position and don't even need a special license or anything to take up on this job. Even more so they work their own hours and use their own cars. Companies similar to Uber such as LYft displaces a whole entire work community made up of taxi drivers whose jobs are harder to apply for and takes a much longer process to do so. Companies like this in a lot of way push people to make money on their own terms. They are their own business. In a lot of ways I see a lot of other things that displaces workers due to an digital labor market. As it was mentioned a teenager was contacted to help with Donald Trump's campaign. She could have been cheaper to afford and what is more is that people tend to choose something more affordable than quality. There are a lot of websites that also help companies design their own logos and websites through a template. These websites provides a framework and template to do this for their small businesses. They are going to responsible for their own good or bad asethtics. They will also be responsible if this will postively or negatively affect their business. Even still it is still much cheaper than hiring a professional web/graphic designer to do the job for them. As a graphic designer I contemplate this being one of the biggest challenges when I graduate school. Will people want to pay for a service when they can do something from a template. Part of the job would have to be competing and explaining and winning over people. We have to let them know how much more personalized a design can be when they hire designers to do the job rather than trying to do it through templetes. But with a world of entrepreneurs trying to cut corners and save money to start and grow their business, this is a tough competition.
