Reading 8 Response:

 I am very interested in the sharing economy that you mentioned, but I did not find any of them during the reading. I might miss some point, or do you mean the web: Fiverr.com. I grabbed one sentence which is very useful for me: Does reading speed increase one's intelligence.:)
The underlying meaning of the topic is to explain how the internet transformed our way of living.
First, AI (machining learning)considered as an act of appropriation even though SS artist didn't express her opinion firmly, but I will use the sentence from the topic to explain what I am feeling: As the invention of new technology is also the invention of a new type of accident such as subvert power relationship.
Competitive and innovation always stay together like brothers. When advanced technology can transform the genes to be more intelligent and talented, people,  who can afford the price will try their best to make their genes be changed. It like one's cosmetic surgery is another one's psychic loss. Still, many people won't stop doing it because one's gain is another one's loss. (From TED Talk) People want to play a fair game.
When the robot became popular, they are sure to replace a lot of human jobs. First, they will never get tired can be used forever if customer service is quality and effective. Employer will gain a lot of benefits from robotic labours in terms of paying wages, buying insurance, and family insurance, some housing or life subsidies, and food or even coffee. They do not need to have a conference room and kitchen for gathering as well. The robot is all set without needing to be trained or educated. The capitalist can use them immediately if they need them to achieve something real quick. They will save a lot of their cost. Do you think they will give up the excellent opportunity to earn more money, make a great company, or more power？I don't have any positive assumption about robot world?
They will have the potential to monopolize everything in the future.
Second, the implementation of AI. The dark side of the earth is waiting to discover, might have more resources that we can share while increasing our quality of life; Many landmines needed to be destroyed, which left behind the wars. I saw many people clean the bathroom at HongKong airport. I don't know how robot help disabled people because they need more care than regular people, I meant the emotional comfort/ If they are ok with a robot rather than nobody, especially in America. I am not sure the robots can satisfy their needs if they want a kiss or hug. By contrast, if people can be happy with robots, they mas y menos as robot too.
Do we need to work in the future? I do not think I am ok to let robot work for me to earn living things for surviving. If they can do anything, human-beings should not necessary to have existed. I do not think this will happen.
Whether Artist can change the situation? In this country, given and taken hasn't ever balanced. After Trump's administration, things become more serious. I think the more selfish culture tend to adopt robot to live within them. I do believe there are many scholars or many people are trying their best to change the current situation.
