In Pretend to Be a Bot, Rehumanize, Sebastian Schmieg takes a closer look at the changing nature of work with specific focus to the switch to an online model. As such, I believe that the emergence of digital workplaces shapes the underlying ideas of work. For example, digital workplaces have shaped the creation of a work environment that seeks to increase the ease of acquiring jobs through online content creation. This implies that the underlying idea of work in the digital workplace is to promote the effectiveness of digital labor by making freelancing and outsourcing its defining features. In the context of art, I believe that the underlying ideas of work are applying technology to generate arts that resonate with society in many ways. 
	As such, the increasing shift in labor to the digital landscape has focused on achieving efficiency and maximizing profitability by eliminating the distinctions that define a workplace. This implies that the automation of labor and enhanced digitization and artificial intelligence, have prompted the shift of labor to the digital landscape. The automation and digitalization of labor have shaped the shift of labor to the digital landscape because they provide platforms and frameworks that employ skilled workers. Artificial intelligence (AI) has also necessitated the shift of labor to the digital frameworks because it provides neuron networks that have shaped the nature of work. For example, these neuron networks have shaped the effectiveness of artists because it has enabled them to achieve singularity in arts. As such, I believe that artists are shifting to the digital landscape to maximize on the AI opportunities in creating photographic datasets and pursuing multiple art projects to promote success. Similarly, artists are shifting to the digital landscape to increase their art appropriation abilities because AI and other digital frameworks allow them to use pre-existing ideas in creating new projects.
	Despite the interests that I have in using technology to shape my artistic career, I have never worked in a sharing economy, and I am not aware of any of my friends using peer-to-peer model. However, with the growing shift of artistry work to the digital landscape, I believe that I will realize my dream since I will be able to join the digital frameworks and neuron networks created by AI and labor automation. Joining these frameworks will allow me to use a sharing economy in synthesizing new art concepts and applying datasets in creating new artworks. I am optimistic that a shared economy or a peer-to-peer model is the future of art creation and appropriation because they introduce people to transformative ideas, including how to use computer visions in creating new arts or appropriating existing artworks. 
	Moreover, the macro-level of artificial super intelligence (ASI) compares favorably to real-world applications and implementations of current AI. Both ASI and AI have focused on using data to gain access or increase the efficiency of user communities. This implies that the macro-level of ASI compares with the real-world application of AI because they focus on providing technical support and application hosting to improve the functionality of shared economies or use communities. Therefore, the macro-level of ASI correlates with the real-world application and implementation of AI since it complements its efforts in providing neuron networks to increase efficiency in user communities.
