The underlying idea of Sebastian Schmieg's work highlights how artificial intelligence (AI) affects the future of the workplace in automation. It also focuses on how AI will transform human relationships since developing machines are taking human work and some act like human beings. Schmieg scrutinizes the boundaries between people and software, and identifies the reality behind the slick interface. He investigates the shifts in worldwide labor patterns with virtual marketing. Human skills are increasingly being offered digitally, becoming even more impersonal, specialized, and professional. Schmieg also examines the flow of photos, messages, and bodies of the networked society.
As a result of the digital landscape, labour has shifted to a workforce that is autonomous, freelance, and universally mobile. Digitization brings the advantages of technology to the world of marketing, and particularly, effects the globalization of the employment market. The future of today's work is progressively becoming digital with the growth of innovations in the automation and technological fields, leading to fear regarding the impacts on jobs.
 Most people are anxious about the advent of technology eliminating jobs; instead, it actually works to redefine them. In the production of cars and electronics, for example, AI has taken over the repetitive tasks of people and makes informed decisions on what they are programmed to do by the users. In this case, therefore, automation is on the road to replacing data-processing skills and manual labor through computerizing and taking every opportunity offered by digital platforms.
A classic online entrepreneurship in a shared economy is the Uber Company, where the firm contracts and recruit drivers and uses their private cars to accumulate resources. The company uses IT systems to promote direct, one-on-one transactions and user-based systems for rating and quality control. It is noteworthy that the two sets of ideas differ from the conventional economy due to the decline of consumer confidence, increase of unemployment, and drop in buyer purchasing power. These factors result in a decrease in spending habits where the harsh economic conditions force people to find alternative ways to earn money.  
 The macro level of artificial superintelligence (ASI) compares to real world applications and implementations of AI in that currently, people use artificial intelligence in all aspects of life through the application of technology, while ASI, though viewed with apprehension, is still largely hypothetical. Financial institutions adopt AI to judge the creditworthiness of individuals through the use of the algorithms dedicated to this purpose. Besides, there are many other uses of AI, in areas of media, medicine, warfare, crimefighting, entertainment, publishing, and so on. The range and sophistication of AI is incredible, and constantly increasing. Programs are continually being written.   Schmieg calls AI a collective endeavor.  It can be seen as a huge collaboration. 
 Artificial intelligence is here to stay, and it is essential in making decisions that affect our day-to-day lives. AI has long since been seen to increase efficiency and productivity. It can have a much more profound impact, which should not be regarded with suspicion and fear, but be welcomed as eliminating drudgery, refining lives, and bestowing humans with the highest spheres of activity. By harnessing technology, we can create more inclusive communities for enhancing pathways that enable economic opportunities. However, recent research warns that the automation apocalypse is near; therefore, most human jobs are susceptible to computerization.
