Reading Response #08

In the reading of this week, I read the article “Pretend to Be a Bot, Rehumanize the Web” based on an interview with Clara Herrmann and Sebastian Schmieg. A sentence in the first paragraph of the article abstracts me, the author quotes “people have to pretend to be bots because real bots are just not good enough.” And I read continue, and I realized the reason why the author describes people with robots. In the points of the author, he thinks that people who use the smartphone and computer daily actually a part of the data center on the digital world. Every day, every time we upload any information online helps to update and improve the data of the online data center. Therefore, every person who needs to use the internet is part of the data center. We work for the data center although we never get paid, we help to develop the data center in every second. Back to the sentence, 'we pretend to be a bot and better than the real robot' is somehow logical. Compared with real robots, we as digital workers in the data centers have real life experience, which undoubtedly helps to expand the conditions of software. We update our own network information every day, upload data for analysis and adjustment, then make the system better. But robots can only repeat tedious work through instructions. They can't help to evolve data centers, but humans can. A particularly interesting example of this article is to describe a person who, after death, his son uploads his previous papers to a data center. This seems to have enabled the dead man to survive in some form in the data center, and his spirit will continue to spread. Subsequence, the author explains how we as part of data center also helps to develop Outsourcing environment and Entreoreneur model. The big company like Google are using the data that we upload every day to improve their services, especially advertising. 

