Xenofeminism

The Xenofeminist Manifesto is a dense publication. There was a lot to unpack in this reading. The group, Laboria Cuboniks, asserted that alienation has increased and taken over society and the world as a whole; it's basically the driving force of creating new worlds. However, the group then questions us with, "We are all alienated--but has we ever been otherwise?" I think that this was quite a compelling and crucial discussion, and it's something that we all should be regularly thinking about. Being conditioned to alienate and to be alienated brought us here to where we are now. Freedom came about through alienation. Not only that, but based on this argument, it seems that alienation could might as well led man to construct language, logic, and even critical thinking to which all of these were then further developed into things such as capitalism, technology, political systems, etc. There is a quote that says, "It's through our alienated condition that we can free ourselves." Perhaps alienation can continue to push us so far, that it would actually liberate us from all that stands as a hindrance to an equal and free society: the patriarchy. If that's the case, how do we guide that in the right direction? Another thing that caught my attention in this manifesto is the idea that Xenofeminism is declared to be anti-naturalist. "Essentialist naturalism reeks of theology--the sooner it is exorcised, the better." I was kind of amused by this statement because at first, when the term "naturalism" was mentioned, I--for some reason--thought that they were referring to a person who studies plants and animals. I don't know why this came to mind because it seems that I was pretty off. After googling the philosophical definition of naturalism, the manifesto's statement started to make a lot more sense. According to Wikipedia naturalism is "the idea or belief that only natural (as opposed to supernatural or spiritual) laws and forces operate in the world. Adherents of naturalism (i.e., naturalists) assert that natural laws are the rules that govern the structure and behavior of the natural universe, that the changing universe at every stage is a product of these laws." With this in mind, I actually like the idea of getting rid of the concept of what is and is not considered natural. If one is born a female, but identifies as neither male nor female, we should let them be. As the Xenofeminist Manifesto criticizes the state of how we use nature to dictate how to function as an individual, as a society, and as a system, it makes sense to me. Wanting a world where it's not being ruled by a patriarch is ideal. However, I wonder, as an example, if they want (and perhaps I may have missed it in the reading if they did mention it) to go as far as getting rid of labels altogether. Basically, what if there was no such thing as female or male. A person is just a person. I feel like certain situations like this example is debatable. Personally for me, it's quite hard to picture a world with no gender labels. How would science be applied if they cannot use certain distinguishable names that will help them characterize their study subjects? Perhaps maybe they could label them "A" and "B". But then wouldn't this technically be equivalent to calling "female" and "male"? They'll just be a few letters short. But then maybe we could successfully live a world where gender doesn't exist and things can function without needing to know whether you are female or male. Perhaps this trait can be ignored, like how the size of our ears are an ignored trait. And if this world can determine things based on skill and/or personality, wouldn't it still be considered as alienation? This all just goes in circles.

