**Reading 6**
I think in Xenofeminist Manifesto, Laboria Cuboniks emphatically promotes the contemporary demands of feminism. She proposes a new world, with xenofeminism as its technological and theoretical means of advancement. Xenofeminism opines that an excess of modesty hinders progress towards the superior vision of feminism development.  Science and technology have always been male-dominated spheres; however, xenofeminism aims to use these powerful means to empower women. Through xenofeminism, Cuboniks attempts to address gender politics and feminism, which are increasingly responsive to the techno-scientific infrastructure that shapes everyday life. 

As a strategy to set a new task for feminism, the Xenofeminist Manifesto argues that we need feminist critique and control of high technology to centralize scientific reach and power under capitalism. For technology to be effective, a suitable set of regulations is necessary.  In the capitalist system’s perspective of xenofeminism, the latter generally results in apprehension and doubt, which leads to aloofness. Rather than avoid machinery that poses such risk, xenofeminism seeks to directly engage with them. However, Cubonik fails to clearly outline how xenofeminism is possible and applicable in today’s world.  A proper explanation of how the application of xenofeminism will achieve universal status for women is lacking. There is no convincing analysis of how global capitalist production enforces and reinforces the existing dynamics of racial gender and traditional power.

Lastly, much of what the book declares as its techno-feminist agenda concurs with cyber-feminism. Xenofeminism aligns with cyber-libertarianism, which perceives that it is possible to escape identity categories.  Xenofeminist Manifesto shows that technology is not intrinsically beneficial, and that it reflects its, till-now predominantly male, creators. 
