**Reading Six: Xenofeminism

This was an interesting read. It is a read that can be done, but your attention can no fail you once or you will be completely lost as to what is happening. I found it extremely interesting to read. I will be adressing the sections of the reading thjat I found most interesting and then at the end I will try and tie everything togrther. 

I believe that Zero is speaking about the unspoken of rule of technology by the "male" gender. And it goes on to speak about how females have little to no equality when it comes to the world of technology. They end up working the worst and most low paying jobs as compared to males. However, they don't want equality between the genders, but rather they are looking to destroy the roles assocaited with technology. Materials, conditions, nor social forms should be permanent and they should be flexible with the times. Xenofeminism is just rationalism. It is fighting for the right for everyone to speak as no one in particular. That is to say that they want there to be no seperation between people, but rather people should all see one another as the same thing and no have a sense of superiority based on what/who they are. 

Parity was an interesting part of the read. I personally feel it was the most important because I believe they highlight their main point and objective. They clearly state in the first sentence of this section that Xenofeminism is gender-abolitionist. This actually is meant to be interpreted as there being no kind of gender rules or construct, rather than to simply abolish some gender norms/rules. Having multiple genders leads to more ability for the current patriarchy to oppress the people. If gender is abolished then there is less opportunities for people to be oppressed. This eventually will lead to racial-abolition. Which is the same thing as gender-abolition except it is refering to race rather than gender. 

Personally I believe that these two sections are the most important. They are the two sections that show clearly the intentions of Xenofeminism. The other sections have their intentions as well, however, I feel as if those other sections are unclear and don't provide as clear points as these two sections. Overall, I believe Xenofeminism is an interesting thing to look into because of their goals and how they are planning/executing their goals. By the means of inserting their ideals into the current way of life. Through the use of the internet and other ways Xenofeminism is planning to slowly overcome the current way of thinking. 
