     Wow what a tough read.  I mean I know I'm a university student and I'm supposed to know most ,if not all, of these words but I still had to look up a word, read a sentence, then look up another word often. Anyway, I wanted to discuss two main themes that I took away from this reading the first, and probably the most obvious theme is Feminism and how it relates to the various forms of discrimination. This Xenofeminism “anti-naturalist”  group wants justice, new technology, and rights for everyone deemed “unnatural”. From what I understand from paragraph one where it is stated that “Anyone who's been deemed ‘unnatural’ in the face of reigning biological norms, anyone who has experienced injustice wrought in the name of natural order, will realize that the glorification of ‘nature’ has nothing to offer us- the queer and trans among us, the differently-abled as well as those who have suffered discrimination due to pregnancy or duties connected to child-rearing.” This Xenofeminism group includes transsexual people, people of color, homosexuals, the disabled and really anyone who does not fit into the ‘perfect’ Caucasian patriarchy. What I am loving about this group is how they are pushing feminism to the front of the line of new technologies. They are even listing and explaining to people what needs to be done for these “unnatural” people so that we can ALL have a better tomorrow. “Xenofeminism is a new, more modern feminism for a new/better reality that is defined by technological mediation and interjected with abstraction, virtuality and complexity”  says the Google search. I love how feminism has evolved to this level and I agree that technology should play a big role in feminism today. I mean if a new iPhone can be created damn near every year why can't a new product be created and advertise for the disabled every year as well as new higher-paying job opportunities be advertised toward women. Just sayin.

The next main theme I understood from this reading was nature or really the normal, natural order of old. This Xenofeminism group/ heels that nature or” normal” is overrated and needs to be changed. In the final paragraph, it is stated that “We need new affordances of perception and action on unblinkered by naturalized identities. In the name of Feminism, ‘Nature’ shall no longer be a refuge of injustice or a basis for any political justification whatsoever! If nature is unjust, change nature!” Now I am all for women's rights and I believe everyone is created equal but I do not believe nature itself should be changed. Let me elaborate I believe that people who are unjust and are using nature as a refuge for this should be changed, we should take these people out of power, do whatever legally necessary to dethrone these types of terrible people.  I also do not believe that nature should be used as a political justification against homosexuals or the refusal of equal pay to women. Times are changing and thankfully most of the world is ready to change with it. Another final point I would like to make is that I believe that homosexuality is not learned or unnatural, people are either born this way or not and it's the same with the other LGBTQ communities. Then as for women not being paid equally to men, which definitely should have been changed long ago, it is absolutely not justified by nature but by those terrible people in power.
