reading 6</p>
 The article, Xenofeminism: A Politics for Alienation authored by Laboria Cuboniks, explains in an engaging manner various themes related to feminism and the influence that technology has had on it. The fascinating interaction between feminism and technology, Cyberfeminism, developed more pronouncedly through science and technological advancements. However, science and technology were male-dominated fields due to the traditional belief that men were superior to women. In the process of disproving this idea of male superiority, Xenofeminism became a prominent advocacy amongst professionals. This study critiques the article and explores the themes it presents, and discovers that xenofeminism is effectively explained, along with the manner in which it evolves and spreads.</p> 
 It is interesting to discover the main themes   highlighted in the article, of social equity and equality, feminism as well as acceleration.</p> 
 Social equity and equality are demonstrated through the disparity between genders. For the longest time, men have been considered as the superior sex. However, the growth and development of civilization has demonstrated that women have capabilities that are equal to, and exceed of men. Therefore, social equality is sought through the pursuit of freedom using technology which deviates from the norm. This deviation results in progressive gender politics propagated by women and non-conformists.</p>
 The main, and globally compelling issue of feminism relies on technology to achieve innovation. It is also the principal concept upon which Xenofeminism is founded. The dependency between rationalism and patriarchy yields reason. Reason becomes the engine that drives feminism, creating equality such that everyone has a right to voice their opinion. At the same time, women’s liberation is determined by ethical and cognitive demands which introduce challenges and derail the progress of Xenofeminism.</p> 
 The complex theme of acceleration represents the methods through which Xenofeminism is achieved. However, it is an entire process of eliminating traditional practices, achieving freedom, and practicing progressive tendencies. The achievements of women who introduced feminism are now understood. They were not afraid to break barriers and sustain oppression while fighting for feminists. Eventually, within a thirty--year period, a significant transition was achieved despite challenges.</p> 
 As a reader, I appreciate the fact that the author provides a background and history of the women who started the feminist movement. However, the author focuses on the political struggle associated with feminism, rather than the personal struggle that women from different walks of life experience. Similarly, technology is not the only tool that has advanced feminism. Moreover, the author likens feminism to racism and social stratification according to wealth. She implies that eliminating racism and social classes increases the likelihood of eliminating bias against women. While this is true, the process does not automatically translate into improvement of the plight of women. Further interventions and combined efforts will eventually help feminist find the freedom they seek.
