In the xenofeminist manifesto, Laboria Cuboniks rejects the idea that science and technology is dominated by men and proposes the idea that there should be no gender within technology in order to be equal and not be held back by stereotypes and discrimination. The author divides the manifesto into multiple subsections including interrupt, trap, parity, adjust, carry, and overflow in which she breaks down the meaning, purpose, and future of xenofeminism. In the first subsection, interrupt, Cuboniks talks about how xenofeminism needs to act on a big scale. It should focus on changing the whole system rather than small resistance. In order to do this we would need to get all of humanity on board and prepare them for such a drastic change. If everyone was willing to give into xenofeminism it would be able to protect us from patriarchy and build new freedoms. It would be very hard to get everyone to agree for such drastic change but it does start with the people first. In Order to keep up with systematic change, people need to believe in it for it to be maintained and effective. In the authors next idea, trap, she proposes a way to reach the masses, starting with the poor. The less fortunate in particular will find it harder to free themselves from social nords without large scale organization. Local and small scale change is not good enough. Just because you are not participating in capitalism does not mean it isn't happening. Social media however, has the potential to reach a large group of people and can be used to create new social norms and result in a large scale change. If we can change the purpose of these platforms they can be used as a tool to reach almost everyone despite their class. In the next chapter, parity, cuboniks explain how xenofeminism will help us progress by getting rid of gender altogether. Focusing on small things such as gender are holding us back and used to distract us from being progressive . Gender should not matter and is only used to discriminate which is a waste of time. If we got rid of all class and gender, people would only be judged based off of their ideas and would not be scared to express their thoughts. This is a great point and made be believe that gender really is irrelevant in the grand scheme of things. We spend so much time worrying about others identities and class that we don't even bother to get to know them before we already have a general idea of who they are. In her next idea, Adjust, she rejects the idea the nature in uncontrollable. She argues that there is nothing that cant be influenced by technology. Everything can be modified with science but I will argue that nature is a force greater than us that we are not able to control or entirely predict. We can study and modify it but I do not agree that that there is nothing technology cant manipulate. Her next point, carry, shares the idea that all information on the internet should be available for public use. This brings an early idea of free education and that everyone deserves this information. If people were able to educate themselves without cost, they might be able to view documents from a different perspective and help to see issues in a new or progressive way. This would allow for a wide variety of viewpoints and the ability to approach problems more accurately. In her final idea, overflow, she finishes her manifesto by proposing that we need to change the entire system starting with ourselves. Serious change starts from within and if we integrate this change into our daily lives we should be able to adapt to the ideas of xenofeminism. 
