 In today's society, the field of science and technology are dominated by masculine men. It is often thought of as a workspace made for masculine men. It is true that these areas were earlier but in today's modern society we should be able to break out from these norms created. A work space anywhere should be not be dominated by one gender, neither should jobs be gendered. Equality should be spread throughout every aspect of lives that people live in. I think it is important to define these areas specifically as masculine men because men who do not fit those norms are also marginalized. When the work places become more equal, people's perceptions of today's often gendered jobs will change too. I think these type of masculine male dominated are commonly seen in Silicon Valley. As someone who works in the Silicon Valley I often experience and observe these perceptions. I am currently working with a small startup team as their designer. this team which contains 6 members, is made up of 5 male engineers and one female designer (me). I honestly think one of the biggest challenges in working on a majority male team, is to not feel intimidated to be out spoken and voice my opinions. For some reason I find it much harder to say what I want to say when there are no other females in the room. Thankfully my team respect my opinion and allow me to speak my mind on our projects. Similar to my internship, It is true that a lot of these tech companies are made up of mostly male workers, but that is something that is slowly changing. More and more women are becoming a part of the space and not just women but queers as well. I think what is more difficult is actually changing some of the public's perceptions of women and men's reliability when it comes to technology. I work as a part time specialist at the Apple Store. As a part of role, I often troubleshoot and help customers figure out what is wrong with their devices. I've been working there for a year and I have confidence in my knowledge on these devices. Many times however, customers will second guess what I say, and will look for a male's opinion. It is only when my male coworkers reaffirm what I say will the customers have trust in me. Another thing that often happens is when customers bypass female workers and go straight to male workers for help. I've trailed a customer asking him if he needed help only for him to tell me he doesn't need my help. However, he walks straight to a group of busy guys to have them help him instead. Since they are busy, they showed him back to me to assist him, but the customer refused to listen to anything I had to say and would divert his attention back to the men. I think situations such as these are frustrating because my coworkers and I know I'm just as capable as any of them. I think it is also embarrassing that not only do male customers do this, but the females do as well. 
