Reading 6 response:

I am grad that you share this topic with us even though it is obscure with many metaphors hard to understand, but most of the perspectives that I am feeling the same way when I was reading it. I admire some of the manifestos and their resolutions, but aslo desagree with some of the opinions, and I wanted to know more about how xenofeminism carry out their claim instead of some conceptual ideas in the future. 


Xenofeminism is a rationsim. Xenofeminism is gender-abolitionist. 
First, having learned some European and American art history and knowing that there always are poeple trying to use particular language to define their group and their purposes of groups. Some of them have done very good jobs and became a symbol too. I am just wondering this kind of forms and lables. Like homesexual defines them as queeers. It made me thinking the trade war between America and China. People can unite the whole world and cooperate with them to do the right things regardless of which group they are belong is more harmounious and un-bias.

Xenofeminism mentions that they are liberated abolitionist -- abolition of lcass, gender, and race and wanted to reinvention of family structure and domestic life under the partriarchy. 
I think this is an universal problem need to be solved desperately, but the technology progress increases the problem can be solved possiblities. More and more job opportutuines will be replaced by high-technologies. Capitalism has changed the traditional way of living udner the monarchy, but it seems backward after technology advancement. Einstein said that science should cooperate with humanity. This is the only way to live harmourious. Now, things happen more extremely way beyond our imagination since people are more dominated by technology than anything else. Medias influence people's mind to be more bias than any time before. Gener hack

The other they mentions that valuable platforms dismissed for connection, organization, and skill-sharing. 
I have a profound understanding about this point. People are from all over the world studying in America. They share their interests, customs, and perspectives about their homecountries. I was surprised when I first came to America. Many people do not know about another countries. They do not even know what about international students. They do not udnerstand they do not understand the lecture and do not talk properly because they do not speak their languages. In Ameica, you have many opportuties to reach information about another world such as what about or what situation people are facing, but they ingore them even though they can get all the things for free. It is not just the manipulation of medias, but also the educational system needs to be changed. How to get people's attention from microcommunity to the whole world. How to make them to be aware and be interesting the people far from them instead of things around themselves. Even though there many information are available for using, they do not think they are neccessary at all. It is hard to another countries to have this opportutinies to know about outside their countries. This is only advantage that happens in America. How to step outside to see the world horizantally than vertically will get better refults for the current situation. 

