“Xenofeminism: A Politic for Alienation” written by Laboria Cuboniks focuses the aspect of scaling up feminism fitting to the 21st century. The author articulates the main theme as feminism and the way things are by drawing an array of implications and influences in various fields like technology, biology, philosophy and many more. The ambition is to bring about a new universe that will no longer have injustice such as political justification.  
Critically, reading through the manifesto, “Xenofeminisim: A Politic for Alienation” it is clear to note that Cubonik sees feminism currently limited because of the main micropolitical actions and the local investment thereby the need to have universal involvement towards scaling-up feminism. The writer indicates that this perspective should go beyond just the localizing but rather extend globally. Moreover, ideas such as this can be modernized and exploited into social-political affairs where the strategy can be reframed thereby catering for ethical, racial, equality, and universal differences. Ideally speaking, various fields need to introduce feminism as a fundamental logic; for instance, incorporating feminist in the field of law, architecture, engineering and so on. Applying feminism for example in the field of architecture can be used within infrastructure space thus inducing systematic thinking.
Finally, I think that every system core is structured. And so, any progress that has a corporate structuring can be manipulated through specific thought since it is coordinated by individuals who want to achieve their goals. However, the tricky fact juxtaposed with true certainty of intersected collectively that is, attained by fake over-intellectualization. The manifesto is fascinating and it would prompt one to look to the future idea like as seen through the quote, “‘Nature’ shall no longer be a refuge of injustice, or a basis for any political justification whatsoever! If nature is unjust, change nature!”.
