Struggle for equal gender rights did not start in this century. Gender activists have for centuries championed for the same and equal treatment for both genders. Cuboniks is one of the modern day feminists who champion for equal and fair treatment of women in her newly coined form of feminism called the Xenofeminism. In her manifesto, three main themes are evident, including; the theme of anti-nature, gender elimination, and lastly, the theme of technology. 
 First, Cuboniks discredits the myth that nature determines how people live. She mentions that for a very long period humans have gone against nature, thus, how an individual is born should not necessarily determine how he or she may be considered in a society. She convinces the readers that it’s time to get over the biological myths that one form of gender is naturally born stronger as compared to the next. Instead, she explains that women should fight back the stereotypes which have for a long period reduced them to mere subordinates of their male counterparts. Truly, Cuboniks explains in her book touches much more on what happens in the life situation today. Women have for a long period been considered weakest gender who naturally needs the assistance of men to survive. If at all what she argues in her manifestos of nature, and how to go about it is anything to go by, then it is worth a try in the current century.
 Second, Cuboniks includes gender-elimination as a primary theme in her piece. She explains that it is high time for people to forget about the male and female gender, and to focus on the ability of people. As such, she argues that today’s feminists should not only focus much on the two forms of gender, instead, they need to empower not only women but also men to think of people’s personalities and abilities to transform their lives and people living next to them. As one reads this piece, one thing remains clear; she tries to rub off the grouping of humans into two forms of genders. How this might be achieved in the current century; really, is a debate on its own, but her views are worth giving a second thought. In her manifesto, Cuboniks calls for a change in the mindset and people’s views towards the females.
Third and last, Cuboniks includes the theme of technology in her piece. She mentions that it is high time for feminists to use modern technology to fight the continued oppression of women in society. To her, modern social media channels should be used as tools of spreading and creating awareness on human rights. She mentions that the current generation of feminists has got a lot of opportunities such as modern technology, which is not present in decades or centuries ago. As such, she recommends mobilization of people from all origins via the modern technology sites to fight persistent violating of women’s rights.
 Finally, it is worth mentioning that the three themes; the theme of anti-nature, gender elimination, and lastly, the theme of technology are the core subjects discussed in Cuboniks’ manifesto. It is a resourceful piece which talks more about feminism and how feminists can tackle the subject of the 21st century. The manifesto includes various applicable approaches that feminists of this century can use to achieve their goals. 
