Reading Response #06

In the reading of this week, I learned a new concept of “Xenofeminism” in the article “Xenofeminism: A Politics for Alienation Laboria Cuboniks.” Xenofeminism (XF) is a kind of feminism that can be adapted to the reality of daily life and interweave with abstraction, fiction, and complexity. It is committed to the realization of gender justice and the emancipation of women's rights. xf believed that such a future will contribute to the development of universalism politics. In short, XF wants to develop society in a depetrification way.  XF explains the meaning of Freedom, the author writes “Freedom is not a given—and it’s certainly not given by anything ‘natural’. The construction of freedom involves not less but more alienation; alienation is the labor of freedom’s construction. “ Indeed, freedom is not innate or endowed by nature, Freedom should be earned by ourselves. Indeed, freedom should be based on all kinds of gender equality, not under the rule of single sex. For example, in most families in Asian countries, there is still a stereotype that "men should make money to support their families and women should stay at home and do housework". But, how do people judge that women must stay at home and do housework? It is precise because this society is still a patriarchal society. Due to the influence of patriarchal society, the number of women in Asia is far less than that of men. At the same time, the education level of women is far lower than that of men. Therefore, the emergence of XF is very important. It promotes gender equality, no，it even allow for the existence and equality of the 100 sexes. The article also explains why promoting gender equality is so important : “ Its uses are fused with culture in a positive feedback loop that makes linear sequencing, prediction, and absolute caution impossible. Technoscientific innovation must be linked to a collective theoretical and political thinking in which women, queers, and the gender non-conforming play an unparalleled role.” Even if one hundred men or one hundred women have different views on something, why do one hundred gender ideas need to follow only one gender? We can believe that women, homosexuals, and gender differences can also see different political issues from the patriarchal society. Therefore, it can make up for the shortcomings of patriarchal society. In this way, an equal society with all kinds of opinions and ideas can be formed. XF declared they are rationalists, and rationalists should be feminism originally. This seems to make sense, because in xf, it does not think that because it is feminist and it must be feminist to rule society. On the contrary, it involves all kinds of gender and promotes equality among all sexes. It is more rational than patriarchal society. Therefore, if rationality is claimed to belong to the patriarchal society, then it is an admission of failure. In the end of the article, XF is not only to promote gender equality, but also to cultivate positive freedom, rather than pure freedom. At the same time, it urges feminists to equip themselves with skills to redeploy existing technologies and to invent new cognitive and material tools to serve common purposes.

