**Reading Response #3**

By now, you would probably think that an artist as playful as myself should belong not in a gallery exhibition to critique the featured 
art alongside fellow critics, but in a child’s playroom instead, drawing still-lives and portraits of my toy friends in crayon. As the 
viewer reading my response, you might not be wrong actually, except the biggest flaw in making said assumption is that without a playful 
personality such as my own, an artist could hardly assess art without even the basics of aesthetic know-how, let alone a sense of humor 
and optimism to improve an already crazy world. Man Ray and Jeff Koons are themselves playful in their art practices, and still, they have 
arisen as art heroes: to this day, Man Ray has imagination to “paint” into his “Rayographs” and extreme insight with which to exaggerate 
close-up portraits of his clients; and Jeff Koons could now produce million-dollar balloon animals out of metallic hats for the highest of 
auction bidders (or guests of honor at birthday parties). The point is, playful as I am, I’ve also witnessed John Berger’s Ways of Seeing 
series, and so I am proud as an artist to discuss my own opinion on New Ways of Seeing by James Bridle. Hey, hey, hey, hey, hang on! 
Bridle’s series is essentially a reboot?! Well, this could be anticlimactic and ironic since Berger said reproduction eventually makes 
pieces of work less meaningful, and uh, this news is already forming my opinion, sadly.

Anyway, between Berger, Bridle and even Nam June Paik, Bridle has seen more modern art and technology than the average artist, which is 
why he wants to make his views known to the public, starting with his first New Ways of Seeing episode, Invisible Networks. People have 
been able to connect or disconnect with each other more strongly today than at least 40 to 50 years ago, thanks to the Internet and the 
rest of digital technology, so artists such as Paik and Net Artists, like to dissect the Internet to uncover the intended meanings behind 
its coding and share the truth with everyone (https://www.bbc.co.uk/sounds/play/m000458l). The proverb of “A picture is worth a thousand 
words.” is more true and relevant today since: one) New Ways of Seeing’s second episode, Machine Visions, reminds me of said message; and 
two) people continue to trust, but not verify, the messages of the pictures they read (so much for Ronald Reagan’s words of wisdom) 
(https://www.bbc.co.uk/sounds/play/m0004f3h). According to Bridle’s third episode of New Ways of Seeing, Digital Justice, new machines 
still portray women as appealing property for men instead of individuals who also have self-respect; even though his second episode of 
Ways of Seeing, Berger counted on new technology to promote new changes to the world order. Fortunately, Berger wasn’t wrong to have had 
hope for the future the way he did, for people could still change their relationships personally, rather than with machines, to change 
their world for the better (https://www.bbc.co.uk/sounds/play/m0004mc4). And finally, Bridle concludes New Ways of Seeing with his series 
finale, Cybernetic Forests, helping to answer the age-old question, “What is man’s relationship to nature and technology?” If anyone asks 
Bridle, his replay is that it all depends on how knowledgeable people are about the devices they routinely consume, and on how determined 
they are to use for things greater than themselves. And if anyone asks for my own opinion, then I would say 
