Reading Three Response:

It was really interesting to learn about how much of an environmental impact the internet and technology in general has on the world. It's almost a little bit ironic because the internet can be used to find ways to improve the environment, and yet this same tool is still causing damage while finding solutions. The comparison of climate change and technology--both easily hidden from the world--shows just how significant tech has become. Climate change is a long-term reaction from environmental pollution that leads to abnormal fluctuations in our climate. This is a world-wide matter. Technology, looking at it on surface level, may seem harmless at first. It's a convenience for everybody and it is supposed offer us entertainment, development, socializing/communication, research, and much more. But again, just as it was compared in the podcast, technology is so much more than that. How it is made and how it is being used is what makes it critical. So, pushing deeper into its fundamentals will show just how much of a world-wide matter it is, and how easily it can escalate climate change. Likewise, it was also interesting to think about how much it has taken over society because of its capability to give the government and big corporations more power than they already have. It's almost as if technology is worth more value than paper money does.Furthermore, it was striking to hear just how easily influenced AI can become. It's crazy to see how, for example, a software that is supposed determine court sentences for crimes committed learned how to be discriminatively and systematically biased all because of the bad data that was submitted. This data was made by racists policing and discriminatory sentences. This human-made data imprinted its partial and destructive aspects onto the machine. Just knowing how easily something like this can be slipped is frightening. Who knows what will come in the long-run. What kind of learned behavior will AI have, especially considering how much violence there is among humans. The last point I want to mention was the idea of digital colonialism. I didn't realize that was a thing until this podcast mentioned it. It's sad to hear that we live in a world where the bigger powerhouses are still taking advantage of smaller groups and justifying it in terms of academia. I would agree that the use of 3D scanners and 2D printers beings used to reconstruct certain cultural artifacts is a great way of preserving the art of these works; however, because Western institutions have ownership of this sort of digital data, they feel that they must sell it back to the countries and cultures where the artifacts originally sat. Everything always comes with a cost, whether with monetary value or not. The cost of using the internet leaves millions of people unaware of the harmful environmental effect it is leaving, unaware of how machines can learn to understand a person more based on simple Facebook photos. Technology is quickly adapting, but it seems that people themselves aren't adapting quick enough with it. 
