# James Bridle, New Ways of Seeing

The first part of this podcast has to do with James Bridle’s hope for harmony between humans and technology. I believe our relationship with technology can often dip in and out of healthy depending on our will to operate independent of our short term inclinations. Many of us get stuck in refreshing and scrolling, and some take measures to limit screen time, the reality seems to be though we live in a tech based world. A world where not living harmoniously with the tech may actually be the end of the human species.
Technology can twist and manipulate the world around us. This is because technology in the form of the internet and screen is the world around us. By using our handheld portals to beam our observatory minds to a seemingly real image we can be made to believe almost anything. Deep Fakes, Face Swap, Click Bait, and other algorithms that are designed to change public perception in order to produce money and ratings are seemingly problematic at times. Images of nature and the landscape around us are what our ancestors mostly saw, today we get new images everyday from a single screen. James Bridle spoke of digitization altering nature. Perhaps nature is now a conventional idea, an attraction presented to us as a commercial product, at least on the web it appears to be that way.
James Bridle can explain some of the reasons the web has become the wild west. The Web could be a place where everyone is equal. A presence on the web is as a meaningful as another if they both contribute evenly regardless of their physical state. This shows that bringing in physical prejudices is not only irrational but it is hurtful to the potential for the web to unite multiple parts of humanity. Nature itself deserves to
be represented in its truest form, yet on the web it must take a much less grand stage, making it much harder to represent any intent it may have for itself. Projections of human greed seem to take priority over trying to capture its beauty. This is where artist come in.
Artists today have the duty to try and represent as much of the true world online as much as possible in order to influence people to the better. In a new way of seeing we can be enlightened by art that represents things greater than it in a respectful deserving way. It may not have the monetary power of the rest of the players on the Web, but art does strike a chord deep in humanity that can reshape a new way of seeing the Web and Nature together more harmoniously benefiting each other.
