**New Ways of Seeing**



I agree with Berger that artworks played a role in the demonstration of power and prestige since arts convey in excess of what is represented. According to Berger, artworks did not merely convey what is represented to the audience because they also informed them about themselves and society. Therefore, images and oil paintings played a significant role in shaping how power and prestige were conveyed through artworks. Berger argued that the invention of the camera transformed the role of artworks since it enabled the audience to view things that were not visible before. For example, the invention of the camera facilitated the manipulation of artworks such as photography to incorporate elements of power and prestige. It made the work of art transmittable that changed its meaning and purpose. Similarly, the widespread inventions on how artworks are created and distributed have shaped how power and prestige are portrayed in artworks. This implies that the demonstration of power through artworks has evolved from the oil painting era to the contemporary era due to the emergence of invisible networks and machine visions.

Moreover, the portrayal of power and prestige through artworks has remained a contemporary practice because of the widespread digitalization. I believe that the concepts described by Berger and reinforced by Bridle still manifest themselves in 2019. For example, the emergence of digital images and photographs has influenced people's perception of power, prestige, and society in general . This implies that the evolution of artworks from painting to photographs has shaped how power and prestige are portrayed in contemporary artworks. The continuing proliferation of images and photographs in the wake of digitalization has enabled them to travel further from their original purpose. This has given artists the platform to use artworks and photography in depicting individuals in positions of power and promoting the wealth of individuals. For example, artworks have become easier to create and modify to demonstrate power and the prestige of artists or the subject it depicts. Similarly, new technologies have changed our relationships with artworks because of the emergence of new ways of seeing. This has prompted artists to manipulate images and other artworks to portray power stereotypes and elements of pride to shape people’s connection with arts in the contemporary world.

 Unless artists change their relationship with machines, artworks will continue to demonstrate power and prestige in the contemporary world. The increasing proliferation of artworks has motivated artists to create arts that focus on displaying the power of individuals in society. The emergence of digital technologies and vision machines has enabled artists to demonstrate prestige through arts in several ways. In 2019, artists are not only demonstrating prestige through the attires of their art subjects but also by incorporating values of nobility and power in arts. 
