This documentary recording was interesting. I found 4 quotes I wanted to speak on. The first quoted that kept my attention was, from the first audio file. "A cybernetic ecology where people, animals and computers live together in a state of commoncare and co-operation" When I heard this the first thing I thought about was the movie I'Robot. In this movies society technology has evolved so much it is a social norm to have the newest model robot as a servant basically. Robots are being given to citizens like new computers and phones. I do admit that it would be nice to have a personal caregiver robot. The one thing about this quote from audio file one that I do disagree with is the insinuation that technology is equal to human kind, animals, or nature. I find it unfortunate that there are people in the world who value technology more than or equal to any of these real naturally born beings.

The next quote that I wanted to talk about is also from audio file one. "The computer systems draw huge amounts of energy, already, it is estimated that computer use around the world is responsible for more greenhouse gas emissions than the entire airline industry" This shocked me as soon as I heard it but then I got curious and started wondering what country in the world uses the most computer energy. I decided to do some research on this, I assumed it was the U.S. that used the most but I found out that Switzerland used the most computer energy, followed by the U.S. then Sweden. I also found out of every 100 citizens of Switzerland at least 65 of them have and use a personal computer. Wow.

Another topic I want to cover has to do with a quote from Audio file number two. "Google, for example, recent figures show that only 20% of employees are female and only 1% are black"
This quote saddened me so I looked up if these percentages have gone up recently. Unfortunately men still outnumber the women currently working there, 69% to 31% and black females only make up 2.5%. I want to one day work at a big company like Google but these statistics have me questions some things. Why are there not enough African American women applying for these big company jobs? Are the applications of black women being purposely pushed aside? I hope the answers to these questions are answered in the near future. 

Finally, I wanted to talk about one more thing having to do with this quote from audio file four. " You can go scuba diving on the bottom of the ocean and see the cables that connect the continents together, and that 99% of the world's information is flowing through" This revelation was amazing. Literal cables are under the sea connecting us to other countries. I had to Google this and I found out that these wires at the bottom of the ocean are called submarine communications cables. You would think that the government would want to keep this more hush hush and would not have it come up so easily through a google search because I have to wonder what if an enemy country tries to cut/disconnect these cables? Would we lose contact in a certain area of that country? Are these cords ever replace? I still have so many questions cause this amazes me. 

