**Response to New Ways of Seeing**

Much like the original BBC series *Ways of Seeing* by John Berger, which aired in the 1970s, the four part podcast series *New Ways of Seeing* questions our perspective on things we often take for granted. While John Berger directed his attention toward 16th century European art, the host of the podcast, James Bridle, focuses on art and technology. The intentions of both shows were to question our everyday interactions with the things around us and each does a wonderful job in doing so. 

The first episode in the series, “Invisible Networks,” lays the groundwork by revealing a glimpse at how the internet works and how it came to be. The internet is perceived to be this entity without a physical form, floating around us, carrying huge, incomprehensible  amounts of data through the air. It does, however, require very physical hardware in order to operate. The idea of a decentralized internet is brought up here and again during the last episode. In its early days, even now, people envisioned it to be a great equalizer that would provide access of information and easy communication to everyone. In many ways this is true. The internet has made access to information much easier, however, it is still controlled by a few and is very much centralized by region. Bridle describes a map, showing where fiber optic cables are run, connecting the globe via the internet— those lines match the same trade routes that were once used for colonial power. Without powerful guns and militaries, those same empires of the 18th and 19th centuries can still influence and exploit less fortunate nations, only this time it is less obvious. This idea is referred to as digital colonization and an example would be the way Hollywood spreads American ideals and culture to the rest of the world through its films. It is most often a one-way street because most other nations (again, nations that were originally colonized and exploited by force) do not have the means to match the influence of Hollywood. This influence most likely did not stem from a malicious intent to transform the world into a singular culture, but the influence exists nonetheless. The point that Bridle tries to make is that we should be aware of it. 

Some other very interesting questions were raised throughout each episode. Through the use of 3D printing, the work by Morehshin Allahyari resurrected pre-Islamic sculptures that were destroyed by ISIS. She enabled anyone to create their own sculpture by opening the plans up to anyone which in turn created multiple backups and records of the sculpture, protecting it from forever being lost. Thinking back on a discussion we shared in class about the significance of the original Mona Lisa after the invention of the camera, we wondered whether or not the countless reproductions increased its value because it had become so famous. I wonder if its significance has been lost. Documentation and recreation mean that we will almost certainly always have record of its existence. If the original were to go missing or even be destroyed, we would still be able to analyze its meaning via the reproductions. In reality, I would guess that most theories and analyses of the Mona Lisa derived from examining printed copies or even on digital screen, not the original. This theory does, however, hold more weight in regards to great works of art that have a multitude of reproductions. The more copies and recreations, the less significant the original. 

Another point was brought up by a guest during the first episode, explaining that higher download speeds as opposed to upload speeds were unfair as it conditions us to be consumers. They argue that we, the public, are limited to what we can share and create because of lower upload speeds. This claim does hold truth but doesn’t the consumer also influence these rates? If we demanded faster upload speeds to share content that we ourselves have created, wouldn’t internet providers gladly provide us with those speeds in exchange for money? 

Overall, just like John Berger’s show, I found *New Ways of Seeing* very fascinating and enlightening. And just like the original show, I am left seeking more information and more answers to questions I never previously held. :nerd_face:
