I think these videos were really interesting suggesting rather than resisting the growth and advancement in technology, rather than being afraid of the future, people should learn how to embrace it and change and adapt accordingly. There were a wide range of topics of how artists and other people alike could adapt and change to the growths we are making in technolog. I particularly found the second video really interesting in which they discuss how coding is feminine but has been branded a masculine topic. Something that was interseting was how technology just like society that was coded from the past had these conatations and preferences about gender. At the gym a doctor was denied access to the women's bathroom just because the system assumed due to the title of a doctor, she was a male. There are other instances like this where there is a disparity between men and women. Amazon created an AI system that would help with hiring employees for the company based on passed successful applicants. They would use these applicants as models for people they would want to hire in the future. The only problem wih this? The company had previously hired a lot of men and the system itself would also prefer men over women worker because that was what it learned from past data. The system had to be eventually shut down by Amazon because the hiring disparity was too great. For technology to improve and learn we need to also make sure the people who code and create these tehnology are also diverse. These machines although are self learning are created by humans and the biases these information humans put in could affect the biases of the machine. If more women and more diverse people were to work on these AI systems then the AI would also be more diverse in their decisions.
