Artwork has not only been the medium to show prestige and demonstrate power, but was also the vessel for artist's self-expression, frequently devoid of financial or status-related goals. Ancient drawings did not set out to end up in a museum or cost a fortune, yet they are still, undeniably, art. On this example one may see how art started out as an outlet for impressions and emotions. It still can occupy such a position in the modern world, though numerous platforms seem to provide artists with opportunities to monetize their creations, as well as to become famous, starting from social media and ending at grants and contests.
Curiously, the social media can be seen as serving a similar purpose of self-expression or simply satisfaction of one's vanity. The images that they translate, however, can diverge from reality, because the social media create a heightened, saturated version of reality. Nevertheless, they have some degree of credibility, showing one's life with accuracy, even though by a carefully selected sliver. 
According to Berger one sees before he or she experiences anything else. Sight is the main sense, which sends a message to human brain, which, in turn, manages to comprehend it and turn it into words. While people tend to experience the world through the prism of language, naming the objects as they face them, Berger makes one ponder o whether or not visual representation is the universal language that binds all people, yet remains largely undiscovered or underinvestigated. 
In the podcast "New Ways of Seeing" James Bridle collects opinions of various modern artists and technology experts, who offer their insight into what it actually means – to see. In modern technology-driven society Berger's approach to truly seeing as being something practically all people can do, yet not many actually attempt becomes as poignant as ever. A series of interviews, gathered in "New Ways of Seeing" each give the listener a sliver of the performer's perception. 
Internet, the defining concept of modern times, is generally invisible. As the episode "Invisible Networks" mentions, one can see internet cables even on the bottom of the ocean, transferring data between continents. That physical manifestation, however, is hard to come by. Most people have limited ideas regarding how the web actually functions. 
The episode "Cybernetic Forests" compares Internet to an ecosystem that can grow, undergo evolution and be damaged by intrusion into its processes. The episode "Digital Justice" takes a more concrete look at the spoken and unspoken rules that Internet has to exist by, making the web look more like a huge city, than a type of natural habitat. In "Machine Visions" the question of what is real and what is fictional is posed, because the digital age has blurred the line between the reality of local everyday life and the globalized reality of Internet. 
Listening to a podcast about seeing things in a new way appears to be a message in and of itself. The new way of seeing may not even imply the presence of actual eyesight. Through sound mixing techniques, the podcast managed to create visual imagery where there was none, and some of the interviewed experts even used words and expressions like "now we are in…" and "we are entering…", strengthening the impression of visual presence. Berger definitely would have been proud of such expansion of the term "seeing", though the podcast offers plenty of other ways to truly notice what surrounds us and for what reason.
