Response to “New Ways of Seeing”
James Bridle in a four-part series “New Ways of Seeing” explores the ways how technology defines the development of modern culture. The artist stresses that technology, namely digital networks, change the world around people in various ways. He also touches on particular ideas, developed by writer John Berger in “Ways of Seeing”, stating that they do not lose their relevance even today. The author of the series is certain that the ideas and concepts, cultivated by John Berger, have assumed new forms since the 1970s. 
I agree with most thoughts and points of view, expressed by James Bridle, and his arguments seem to be consistent and persuasive. The concepts, mentioned in the series, are represented in 2019 in various ways. For example, the modern artist emphasizes that a lot of phenomena of the Western art, including the white male gaze, the objectification of women and minorities, discussed by John Berger, still exist nowadays. James Bridle compares the objectification of the female nude in the seventeenth-century oil painting with the photos of women in Facebook, Instagram, and other social media websites. Photoshop, the digital manipulation tool, allowing an individual to edit his/her images, helps women to attract men by improving their physical appearance. The gaze of the machine has recently replaced the gaze of the artist. A lot of technologies, especially social networks, promote domination over the body of women and deepen the problems of sexual objectification and other forms of sexism. It implies that technologies foster maintaining sexism in the modern world.
 James Bridle emphasizes that Amazon, one of the biggest e-commerce companies in the world, had a specific program, which was downgrading female applicants. For instance, it marked down CVs, comprising such terms as “women’s soccer team” or the names of colleges for women. Since the company had hired more men than women, the system thought that males were more appropriate for the positions at Amazon than women. The workers of Amazon could not fix this problem, that is why they deleted the whole program.   
Another example describes the issues of racism and discrimination against African-American people in the United States. The officers of law enforcement agencies of the USA use various programs to decide where they should patrol and whom they should arrest. However, the examination of the effectiveness of these programs shows that they make biased decisions against people of color. The basis for these decisions is inappropriate data, gathered by discriminatory sentencing and racist policing. Although most people do not accept discrimination and stigmatization against people of color nowadays, new technologies are full of prejudices, stereotypes, and biases. The concept, described by James Bridle, exists because of the unwillingness of some people to update data and get rid of the remnants of the past.
The author of the program, artist, writer, and publisher James Bridle describes specific phenomena and processes, occurring nowadays. The program “New Ways of Seeing”, created by him, touches on the issues, emphasized in the series “Ways of Seeing” by John Berger. I agree with most ideas and thoughts, expressed by James Bridle. The four-part series underlines that digital networks cultivate prejudices, stereotypes, and biases regarding race, ethnicity, gender, and other distinguishing features. The program shows that only forms of discrimination and stigmatization against people have changed since the 1970s because of the rapid development of technologies and everyday usage of social media websites.       
