Reading Two Response

John Berger’s four-part series, “Ways of Seeing,” was an interesting piece to watch. He had brought up several points that I hadn’t really thought about before. The first being about reproductions and how they change the meaning of original works of art. I grew up always believing that if I could see it, no matter the type of platform or lens I use, I’ll still be looking at the same thing. Eventually, I learned that reproductions are not perfect and that they will change the look of the original work ever so slightly (i.e. the color/lighting, size, pixel quality if it’s through a computer, the environment that the work is presented in, etc). Since so many works are more accessible because of these reproductions, I feel like this changes the way people see or value art. Someone could see Mona Lisa printed on a t-shirt and say, “Hey, I know that painting; it’s really famous. I should get this shirt because of it.” Chances are, this person hasn’t seen the actual painting of Mona Lisa, but knew of it because of, well, the internet. It just seems less appreciative of the meaning, and more so of the familiarity. I also want to mention that museums, back in the day, seemed to have been perceived as the sort of place that only sophisticated, high aristocratic-type people would visit to view numerous high-market value art pieces. What I’m trying to say is that museums seemed to be really “up there” back then. As of today, I truly don’t see it like that anymore. Many different types of people, no matter their class, can visit, making the place feel more casual. Sometimes, they can even feel hectic because it can get so crowded, like SFMOMA.  When Berger talked about how the environment of a painting can have an effect on the meaning of it (i.e. video taping with background music or voice overs), I immediately thought of being in SFMOMA among crowds of people in one room. It kind of ruined the experience for me and I just wanted to quickly look through everything and leave. The next point I want to bring up was the idea how women are taught to survey themselves and that their image is derived from other people. The comparison with oil paintings and the way women were depicted back then makes a lot more sense to me now. With these paintings being used as a form of fantasized pleasure of male spectators/owners, isn’t it--in a way--the same as modern-day pornography? Porn videos are basically just upgraded versions of these paintings (of course not every kind of video out there). As the artist would paint women they way he saw fit, isn’t it just the same thing as a director advising female porn stars to look a certain way/do certain things in order to please/entertain their targeted audience? Thus, I feel like it hasn’t changed; the fact that women are still told (indirectly by society) how their image should be is still very prominent today. Another example that’s outside of the porn industry is social media. Instagram has greatly changed since when it was first developed; it’s now filled with “influencers” and “Instagram models.” The selfies they post is correlated with the number of likes they get. The bigger the number, the bigger the ego...or confidence? There’s a lot of similarities to the way women look, pose, and post their selfies. Why are they all so similar? I think it has something to do with the way society is telling these women how their image should be. Women’s appearances will not only be derived from other people, as Berger’s movie stated, but they will also end up influencing each other, whether it’s a competition for them or not. And especially if you are more of a public figure, you will have a higher chance of shaping your audience’s image. This approaches my next point, which is that social media seems to reinforce the whole facade of a prestigious lifestyle. Just like oil paintings, people seem to enjoy parading their meals, travels, friends, etc. There’s only ever “happy moments” that are expressed; candid photographs that show how good their vacation is, but in reality, we don’t see what happens or what happened behind the photo. They don’t show that part. What we have today is quite similar to oil paintings and 1970’s publicity, except that, it just seems to be a competition of who can post the most and the better facade.
