# John Berger

John Berger believes that our perception of art is based on our past experiences and references that make us unique. He uses this idea to get into the minds and cultural environment of the artist of the pieces he is analyzing. He is able to determine that socially women were seen as insecure and are depicted as always in context with their environment and their bodies. Some may draw parallels to today, where women on social media are seen as insecure and attempting to keep up a facade of wealth and joy. Images of women back then and today can give us some sight into how our society perceives them and how we might be influencing society more than we think. Nudeness in old renaissance paintings can be outward or inward, yet it is always in context with the gaze of a man. Perhaps by seeing depiction of familiar figures such as the common female we begin to put every female into a category of insecure nude people. Perhaps this is the way the people during the time of paintings such as Vanity felt about women and it could explain how it has carried on through media to today. Today in 2019 the Internet is the main source of media and images for the mass public. Unlike the work of select artist being the main source of a generations lasting voice, today we get new media from hundreds if not thousands of sources a day. The likelihood of seeing all of that media is low though, and likely many of us receive our media from a few large websites and corporations. This could mean that like the renaissance, we are in a period of a mass growth of media, but the corporations are the artists. Facebook, YouTube, Twitter, Wall Street Journal, and the like are all in a competition to grab our attention and show us media that represents the tribe of the web we all are apart of. The tribe today is struggling with free speech, and regulation online, what it means to be a free web and the repercussions of allowing people to be anonymous. It seems that online, art plays the important role of counterbalancing our perception of reality. When we are fed a facade of the world outside the screen, we begin to lose touch of what is real. Art online can intervene but it must be true, as Berger shows that art has the influence to change our perception of reality. 
