**Ways of Seeing**

Ways of Seeing played an essential role in shaping how humans view and appreciate arts. I agree with Berger that artworks have played a role in the demonstration of power and prestige because different forms and types of painting were used to depict wealth and self-worth. For example, oil painting has been used to depict pride and power in many ways. Towards the end of Ways of Seeing episode 3, Berger describes how Rembrandt's self-portraits were embodiments of power. According to Berger, the portraits embodied all the principles of wealth and possessions, which were dominant forms of pride in the ancient era. Therefore, I agree with Berger that artworks have always demonstrated prestige and power because oil paintings were designed to portray value. Various oil paintings, including Rembrandt's self-portraits depict prestige because of their high monetary value. 
	Therefore, oil painting enabled artists to celebrate power, prestige, and private possessions. Historically, artworks such as oil painting have been used to depict opulence, which has remained a symbol of power and prestige for years. For example, artworks have offered the expressions of indifference that demonstrates the sense of being an authority figure. The expressions of indifference faces have created a sense of being above others, thereby depicting the represented figures as powerful creatures. Berger describes the painting "Alathea Talbot Countless of Shrewsbury" to demonstrate how artworks depicted opulence. For example, the attires used in art represent prestige in the form of wealth/possessions. The customized collar of the dog in the painting also demonstrates prestige, whereas the man on the left is portrayed as an authoritative figure. This is primarily because of the expressions of indifference that he represents; thus portraying him as being above other objects in the artwork. Therefore, artworks embody power and prestige through their contexts, themes, and the objects they represent.
	Similarly, I believe that the concepts addressed by Berger in Ways of Seeing are represented in 2019. This is primarily because color photography and painting have been used to continue the legacy of oil paintings. In the fourth episode, Berger argues that publicity images such as advertisement compare to the oil painting era. According to Berger, publicity images and color photography have manufactured glamour, which has created the state of being envied in the contemporary world. Therefore, I believe that the glamour depicted in contemporary artworks embodies the principle of oil painting, including envied lifestyles. Berger's ideas are illustrated in the contemporary world because color painting or photography has been used to depict a desirable life. Therefore, publicity images have motivated contemporary artworks such as advertising and color photography to represent one's lifestyle, wealth, and dressing codes. This is primarily because publicity images, including advertising and color photography, have been used to demonstrate how one can improve his/her lifestyle and status through purchasing arts. This implies that the ideas outlined in Ways of Seeing have manifested themselves in the contemporary world despite existing several millennia ago.
	Moreover, Berger's ideas about artworks apply to how humans interact and present themselves in the contemporary world. The transition from oil painting to color photography and publicity images in the contemporary world has persuaded others that particular objects or products depict a desirable life. Therefore, they have encouraged people to identify with specific artworks or even to purchase certain products. This is primarily because they believe that they will improve their lifestyle or make their lives more desirable.
