Artwork has always played a role in the demonstration of power and prestige. Portraits especially displayed great status. Only the wealthy could afford to have their portraits painted.
Sculptures were made at requests by wealthy members of society. Artists would make their own work of art then sell their works and also do commissions for wealthy people. This was how artists made their living. Historically artists have chosen the wealthy portion of society to depict in their works. These painted wealthy citizens were always dressed in fine clothing, in an aesthetically pleasing setting and the center of attention.

I agree with Berger about a few of his statements. I agree that with the invention of the camera, paintings are able to be viewed everywhere and anywhere. Berger says that a painting holds more value than a photograph or print of itself. I agree that the real, in person, painting has more presence and clarity than a photo or video of it. 

Berger also mentions that women are judged by their looks not only by others but by themselves. Women also feel self-conscious more than a few times throughout their lives. As a woman myself, I agree, I can honestly say that I do judge myself and I am self-conscious, just not so much as I was when I was younger. I used to worry about what others thought about my physical looks day and night. Today I still struggle with not caring what others think but I’m getting better at it one day at a time. Self-consciousness hit me in middle school when my “best friend” at the time told me I was not that pretty after she saw me looking in a mirror. Back then I just laughed it off but later on that same day I started feeling hurt by what she said and believing it. I could not look in a mirror for a while. However, soon after I stopped being friends with her and entered high school I was able to love myself and the looks I was born with, I found better friends and now look in a mirror all the time. As I mentioned before I do still struggle with worrying about what others think but that has to do mainly with my artwork and writing. Right now I love who I am flaws and all.

Berger also says that “Publicity proposes that each of us in a consumer society, change ourselves or our lives by buying something more” Publicity then displays people who we should be enviable of because they have this product and somehow it is making their lives better or is making them happy. I do know that this concept is being used today as well as the fact that original artwork still hold more value over prints and photographs. Today product sellers use celebrities mainly to endorse their products to appeal to the masses. By doing this the product maker or brand is as Berger insinuated making the viewer/consumer enviable of that product.
