  
"Ways of Seeing" is a 1972 film created by John Berger. This 30-minute series advances various themes including the impact of technology, art, capitalism, colonial expansion, female subjectivity, spectatorship and ownership among others. The film begins by exploring the dynamics that have been felt in contemporary society and ways in which it has influenced or shaped human behavior and social perception. While this film is developed from the perspective of art, it addresses other relevant issues including the impact of technology in society. This paper focuses on addressing ways in which the concept of contemporary art and technology are advanced or displayed in the film. 
As previously mentioned, art and technology are some of the key themes that Berger tries to address in his film. Several concepts captured in Berger's work are positively applicable to technology. First, the whole film is developed in a manner that the viewers can anticipate greater advances in technology. For instance, the characters are hopeful that the challenges experienced in their daily lives can be solved easily through technologies that are more sophisticated. Second, the filmmaker invites artists to consider how the current technology has changed the manner in which we are seen and viewed. Contemporary artists are challenged to evaluate how they can use technology to improve their products. They are also advised to influence audience perception using different technological facilities and tools. 
The images and concepts presented in the Berger's films are relevant to our interaction with technology today. Although this film was created several decades ago, it envisioned some of the opportunities and challenges that were to be experienced in the current technology-oriented world. For instance, the large photos of women running advertisements captured in episode two of the series reflect what happens in the contemporary world. Women are used mostly because of their appeal to both male and females. In his film, Berge anticipated the emotional appeal used by advertisers in the current contemporary technologically advanced commercials. Technology has made it easy for most marketers to apply the concept of sexual/gender emotional appeal.
The images that we interact with on social media are influential in changing the attitudes and perceptions about the world in which we live. This idea is well reflected in Berger's film. Social conventions dictate that women and men are conceived and responded to differently. This fundamental cultural orientation has been influencing ways in which we interact with technology. Most filmmakers including Berger try to depict men differently from women. For instance, men are shown to project a capacity for power that extends beyond their bodies. However, for women, their entire being is considered to exist within their physical appearance. Many marketers to influence our perception of events and phenomena within our social surroundings use this notion. The filmmaker gives an example of a European oil painting that portrays naked female figures. The idea is used to indicate diverse responses of the audience when it comes to different depictions of gender. While images are not the only forms of persuasions in advertisements in 2019, they play an integral role on the issue of gender and its integration into the overall concept. 
 (sorry for the late work><)
