**Response to "Ways of Seeing"**

The four-part series, “The Ways of Seeing,” by John Berger gave light to new perspectives in the way we view art—specifically European, oil paintings. The first part made the viewer rethink the painting in the context of where and when it is being viewed. Traditionally, before the advent of the camera, paintings—or anything for that matter— could only be viewed if you travelled to the exact location where it is displayed. Cameras then allowed anyone to view something without ever having set foot at its location. What is the viewer’s perception of the painting when it is viewed in the location it was meant to be, a chapel or cathedral? Then, how does that perception change when the same painting is viewed from a living room, portrayed in a magazine or from a television? 

This series was created and viewed by the public in the 1970s, when television was still relatively new and the quality quite poor in comparison to today’s standards. Now, in 2019, nearly every person in the United States and even most of the world, have access to phones and computers that connect the user to hundreds and thousands of images, daily. The smart phone is arguably the most popular method of consuming photos and videos, especially because of social media. Platforms like Instagram exist so that photos can be shared and viewed by others instantly. When we (anyone using social media platforms like Instagram and Facebook) decide to share photos, it is most often because we have experienced or partaken in something that is more exciting than the routine of our daily lives. We choose to only display the best parts of our lives, and in many cases, the photo that was chosen had to achieve the seal of approval after rigorous scrutiny and many retakes. These photos then often become the only source of input that many have of each other. We may not have had a face-to-face conversation with our friend from high school in years but we see photos of them almost every day— at a concert, on a trip to Hawaii or next to a celebrity. 

On these same platforms we are also bombarded with advertisements. Traditionally, ads would be viewed as separate forms of media, consumed during intermissions of our favorite television shows, or on the next page of a magazine. This is still consistent today, however, more and more often, products and services are incorporated into the entertainment we consume. For example, a certain alcoholic beverage is the go-to drink of choice for the hero of the movie. Or our favorite sports team play at a stadium sponsored by and therefore named after a certain cellular service provider. In many cases, the relationship between the hero we admire, elevates the product but in some cases, through years of careful branding, it is the other way around. We, the consumer, would like to believe that we are aware of this persuasion and that we can make our choices based upon objective analysis, but the truth is our subconscious minds that have been molded by years of influence most often make our decisions. 
