Technology has changed the way people see art. Before art was only shown in the most private and exclusive sites. It was often thought of as an enjoyment for the rich. Our eye and the objects in which we view the art can drastically change how the art appears. Seeing a painting in person displayed in a museum is completely different than viewing it on a laptop screen or a phone screen. In person you can see the size in comparison it has a much stronger impact. The color the textures are different. The environment as well makes the art piece feel completely different. In a museum people are quietly walking standing at a certain distance from the painting. You can hear the footsteps of people slowing walking around the floor. At home artwork viewed through my laptop screen is done in a completely different setting. I get to see the artwork in my pajamas sitting on a couch about a wooden floor. There are sounds of people talking and eating surrounding this piece of artwork. Now artwork are used in other contexts as well. On twitter and instagram you can find memes and joke threads with an artwork as the center image that drives the meme. A lot of time hilarious facial expressions in paintings are used to describe a "mood" Artwork is also shared around in other ways as well. Filters which is popular on applications such as Snapchat or the Instagram filter often uses artwork as a piece of inspiration. For example a painting such as Van Gogh's Starry Night can be used a filter that overlays someone's face, this totally changes the context the painting was originally painted in. To see it as a painting and then to be used as a filter a stark difference. I wonder how original artists would feel to see how their artwork is being used today. I wonder if they would be amazed and thankful or horrified. All of these paintings and pieces of works were done so long ago, they can not even fathom what it would be used as today. With the invention of the camera too we see a new way of people portraying what they see in their everyday lives. But through the eyes of people, whether it is a camera or a painter's hand capturing it the the subjects seem to stay similar. These pieces represent our daily lives, the scenes we see and walk by, the people we love, the animals we adore, and the objects that are important to us. The camera has just become a new and different way to document what is around us. I cannot even imagine how that will change in the future, with new technologies coming in the future. Whether it is a painting or a photo I think it is important to remember the days that were lives. A representation of the things people care about and go through is important. They are little reminders and pieces of memories that we have made throughout our lives.
