**Contemporary Art and Technology**

In the four-part series titled Ways of Seeing, John Berger describes the relationship between art and technology. In particular, Berger explores the role of the camera in reproducing images, creating multiple meanings to artworks, and distorting their initially intended connotations. I found the film considerably enlightening as it has some excellent insights and interpretations concerning the interplay of art and various technological elements. The ideas and concepts discussed in the documentary have a strong linkage to modern technology such as computers, smartphones, scanners, and cameras. For instance, in the first episode of the series, the speaker explains how technology has changed the way people now see paintings. 
Between 1400 and 1900, European art had a tradition of using the convention of perspective to capture the reality of the painting details through the eyes of the beholder. This aspect ensured that the meaning of a portrait was closely associated with its unique surface and building structure in which it was initially designed. Besides, the painting could only be located in a single place at any given time. However, the advancement of technology paved the way for the invention of the camera, which allowed paintings to be reproduced in different places, sizes, and for multiple purposes. Therefore, nowadays, images can be reproduced and transmitted electronically to different people and places at the same time.
For these reasons, I nobly concur with Berger’s assertion that technology has rendered the meaning of artworks ambiguous. Technological devices such as scanners, digital cameras, and computers have made it quite easy to manipulate paintings through sound and motion. For instance, computer and mobile applications, such as photo editor and photoshop, allows people to distort various elements in a painting. This fact explains the proliferation of funny memes created using some of the renowned European artworks such as the Mona Lisa.  
Notably, the images that we interact with on social networking sites, such as Facebook, Twitter, and Instagram, are not necessarily the actual representation of our lives. In most cases, these pictures appeal to the way of life that people desire but have not yet achieved. Historically, artworks, especially oil paintings, have always played a pivotal role in the demonstration of power and worthiness. However, unlike traditional oil paintings, which could portray people and private property with an exceptional degree of realism, the digital images found on social media provide a false impression of people’s lives. For instance, the idea of people using photoshop to create a false impression of a prosperous life is becoming a popular trend in social networks. Therefore, I agree with Berger that only original pieces of arts are valuable because of their authentic feel. In this regard, they are a sign of power and prestige to those who possess them. The same cannot be said about the reproduced images that we interact with on social media.
Overall, commercial images found in advertisements and social media shape our collective perception of reality. These images create an illusion about the advertised products, which causes people to desire them. However, these images are not the only form of persuasion used in advert campaigns in 2018 and 2019. Elements such as words, music, and camera movement have also demonstrated their efficacy in reinforcing unrealistic messages and themes in advertisements. The same concepts can also be applied in search engines such as Google search. For instance, Google adverts frequently pop up in different websites to evoke feelings of anxiety and desire to possess the advertised products in the viewers.
