“Ways of Seeing” by John Berger, as produced by Mike Dibb in 1972, is a four-part series that questions the assumptions made about the premises of European paintings. 
Episode 1 focuses on Walter Benjamin’s “The Work Of Art in the Age of Mechanical Production” and the idea that the replica of paintings separates the modern context of the art piece from the framework in which it was produced. Berger follows the ideology that beauty lies in the eyes of the beholder, thus making the eye the core of the visual world. He also relies on the ideas that after the invention of the camera, the perception of the universe changed what people see and how they feel it.
John Berger argues that the value of the painting has been considerably affected due to the recreation, copying, and distribution of the paintings globally. He also emphasizes that paintings are prone to manipulation since one finds there no recounting of time, only the single frame. Its interpretation can change when it is synchronized with music and rhythm; and the image is subject to transformations depending on what one sees after or alongside the painting.
Episode  2 of the series concentrates on criticism of the traditional western culture regarding the concealed ideologies in visual imagery. Berger focuses on the female nude by defining it one’s self and as perceived naked by the society. According to Berger, features such as lack of hair remove an association with sexual pleasure on the part of the woman; he also stresses the fact that the woman’s stare is almost always directed outward at the viewer when a male figure is present, and that the females in the paintings always lie down leisurely.
Episode 3 is concerned with the real significance of the European oil masterpieces and their rich traditions. Herein, Berger argues that these paintings mainly engage with portraying the owner’s wealth, where the focal point of the art canvas is the affluence that this person has and the purchasing power of this man. Finally, in Episode 4, Berger tries to scrutinize publicity images such as advertisements in the modern culture and compares them with time-honoured oil paintings form earlier times. In the process, he deals with oppositions of the involved concepts of glamour, publicity, and commercials of both today and past, making an attempt to contrast them and explain their element. Therein, he also dissects the incoherency of these ads in publications and disseminates their meaning along with the message that oil pieces carry in them.
Historically, art has always played a significant role in the demonstration of power and prestige in the society. In the product under analysis, it is referred to in Episode 3, where oil paintings are used and discussed as a typical measure of one’s status and wealth. Both in the past and modern world, the financially advantaged groups are considered to be the most influential members of the society, holding the final say and being welcome at any event and in any place. The times have changed, and it is Berger’s work that claims the following: due to replication and numerous copies of what used to be unique art, no one loses the depth of emotion and impression that such pieces used to bring to the viewer. On the other hand, old art works are replaced by new advertisement, where some messages remain the same. Thus, nude paintings were a representation of how society viewed women and how women saw themselves. Such paintings authorized detailing in work and conveyed this aspect to commercials. Now, the latter establish glamour and hold the same power.
