
ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE AND AUTHORSHIP DILEMMA







Yingshi Feng, Ying Gao, Linyi Song, Guoxun Wu
ART 104
October 7, 2019






 
Introduction
</p>
Three years ago, on April 5 2016, a significant occasion in the history of computer algorithms took place. The collaboration between Microsoft, several Museums, and educational institutions in Netherlands unveiled a portrait titled “The Next Rembrandt.” This illustration is neither Rembrandt Harmenszoon van Rijn’s new work, nor a replica of his existing work. The portrait depicts a prediction of the painting Rembrandt would have created if he had lived longer. The aspect that makes this painting unique is the process of creation; the portrait is a result of an analysis of hundreds of Rembrandt’s paintings by computer generated algorithms. The computer employed a technique known as “machine learning” to examine elements such as light, brushstrokes, line and use of space in Rembrandt’ paintings, and the result of that analysis is “The Next Rembrandt.” Critics could argue against the imaginative aspect of this illustration, but the fact is its technical accomplishment is a trailblazer in the history of artificial intelligence. 
In a more recent event, 2017, Google created a gaming AI that produces its own knowledge without human help. The AI is named AlphaGo Zero. It has mastered several games by playing them over and over by itself, and the result of this process has created new moves that were non-existent before.  Another groundbreaking move in the AI advancement is the AutoML algorithm that created its own “child” without human assistance. The interesting bit is that the new creation, NASNet is 82.7 % precise at forecasting illustrations, hence it has outperformed human knowledge and other computer algorithms. The current trends suggest that soon, most of the creative decisions will be based on a computer gaining knowledge by itself using the already set conditions by programmers. All the AIs mentioned in this discussion have not been a source of controversy yet, but these projects raise thought-provoking questions regarding authorship rights of works created by AIs. 
</p>
In previous times, most critics were concerned with the creative aspect of AI; they questioned whether AIs were imaginative since the information used to generate artworks was already predetermined. Today, however, the discourse focuses on copyright laws. For example, in the instance of “The Next Rembrandt”, the issue is whether the painting belongs to the AI, the programmers, Microsoft, or Rembrandt. This article will address the issue of who should be awarded ownership of computer-generated works by looking at; AIs as authors, human authorship, challenges of amending the U.S. Copyright Law to include machines as authors and the reinterpretation of the law to avoid controversies regarding ownership in the future, disagreements that can slow down AI advancement, consequently hindering human progress.  




Findings
</p>
AI as Authors
</p>
The U.S. Copyright Law does not acknowledge non-human authors. Since AIs are non-human, they cannot have copyright ownership for works they generate. Therefore, many scholars suggest that the copyright law should be amended to include non-human authors. The problem with this suggestion is that AIs are machines, and therefore cannot be held liable in a court of law. Machines cannot be sued and they cannot sue, which means that when there is an infringement case, the court would have a hard time making a ruling. Inclusion of AIs as authors would create more contentions and dilemma. The best possible solution suggested in this paper is reinterpreting the terms “employer” and “employee” in the made for hire principle so that rights are transferred to developers or AI owners. 
The made for hire policy depends on two scopes to award ownership. The first relates to work created by an employee while working for a specific organization, while the second relates to a company hiring the services of an employee to complete certain tasks within a period of time. In the case of AIs and developers, the second scope is more applicable since programmers create algorithms that assist in the completion of tasks, a relationship that reflects employer-employee interaction. Consequently, works created by AIs will automatically belong to the programmer or owner, rather than falling into the public domain. AI developers need incentives to increase their morale to create future inventions. Machines, on the other hand, do not need incentives, which explicates that programmers and companies funding AI projects should receive authorship of work generated by AIs under them. Notably, the contributions of the developers and owners are the reasons the public domain can access hi-tech AIs. 
</p>
Interpreting the Terms “Employee” and “Employer”
</p>
Kalin notes that the term “employee” implies a person hired to offer services to a company. The Employment Act should be amended to allow flexibility, so that AIs too can be included in the term employee. In the employee-employer principle, the works created by AIs will belong to the developer or owner. In the scenario of a developer hired by a company to create an AI, then the terms of contract shall apply since the programmer is the employee of the company that hired him or her, which consequently signifies that the AI ownership will be awarded to the firm that hired the developer and not the programmer. 
</p>
Humans as Authors
</p>
The redefinition of the terms will be essential in promoting future innovations because the copyright of AIs will be transferred from the public domain to developers, which allows them to benefit from the creative works of the machines they develop. One will be motivated to work on future projects because they know their authorship and financial benefits are guaranteed. Secondly, awarding copyright to developers prevents future legal issues that could arise when the rights are awarded to AIs or the public domain. Creators can face any lawful implications while at the same time enjoy the benefits of the works created by AIs.  Thirdly, the clause that denies non-human creators copyright has raised concerns over disclosure. Many programmers who do not want their work falling into the public domain may lie about the contributions of the AI and attribute all the efforts to themselves. This non-disclosure can affect future innovations because of the misinformation.  
</p>
Conclusion
</p>
In the modern world, humans are no longer the sole creators of artworks; machines too can design and produce imaginative illustrations. This situation calls for the amendment of the U.S. Copyright Law. However, since AI are non-human, and therefore not eligible to receive authorship rights, programmers should be awarded copyrights. The law should be amended to make the words “employer” and “employee” flexible enough to include the interaction between AI and owner. Reinterpretation will allow owners to benefit through financial incentives. Besides, the incentives will motivate programmers to develop advanced AIs that will help the society.  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Bibliography
Basheer, Shamnad. "Artificial Invention: Mind the Machine!" SCRIPTed, vol. 13, no. 3, 2016, pp. 334-358. https://script-ed.org/article/artificial-invention-mind-the-machine/
Fraser, Erica. "Computers as Inventors – Legal and Policy Implications of Artificial Intelligence on Patent Law." SCRIPTed, vol. 13, no. 3, 2016, pp. 305-333. https://script-ed.org/article/computers-as-inventors-legal-and-policy-implications-of-artificial-intelligence-on-patent-law/
Grimmelmann, James. "Copyright for Literate Robots." IOWA Law Review, vol. 1, no. 3, 2017, pp. 657-681. https://ilr.law.uiowa.edu/print/volume-101-issue-2/copyright-for-literate-robots/
Hodge, Mark. "AI Supercomputer Creates Its Own 'AI Child' That Can Outperform Man-made Rivals." The Sun. Last modified December 6, 2017. https://www.thesun.co.uk/tech/5072741/google-nasnet-ai-child-reinforcement-learning/.
Hristov, Kalin. "Artificial Intelligence and the Copyright Dilemma." IDEA, vol. 57, no. 2, 2017, pp. 431-452. https://www.researchgate.net/publication/316761384_Artificial_Intelligence_and_the_Copyright_Dilemma
Khanna, Anirudh, et al. "A Study of Today's A.I. through Chatbots and Rediscovery of Machine Intelligence." International Journal of u- and e-Service, Science and Technology, vol. 8, no. 7, 2015, pp. 277-284. https://www.researchgate.net/publication/287110028_A_Study_of_Today's_AI_through_Chatbots_and_Rediscovery_of_Machine_Intelligence
Lemley, Mark A., and Eugene Volokh. "Law, Virtual Reality, and Augmented Reality." SSRN Electronic Journal, vol. 166, no. 5, 2017, pp. 1054-1138. https://scholarship.law.upenn.edu/cgi/viewcontent.cgi?article=9622&context=penn_law_review
Paek, Kyongtae. "Do Androids Dream of Sheep? - Copyright Protection on Authorship of Computer-Generated Work -." The Journal of Intellectual Property, vol. 13, no. 3, 2018, pp. 145-170. http://sro.sussex.ac.uk/id/eprint/66693/3/Do%20Androids%20Dream%20of%20Electric%20Copyright.pdf
Russell, Stuart, et al. "Research Priorities for Robust and Beneficial Artificial Intelligence." AI Magazine, vol. 36, no. 4, 2015, p. 105. https://futureoflife.org/data/documents/research_priorities.pdf
Sample, Ian. "'It's Able to Create Knowledge Itself': Google Unveils AI That Learns on Its Own." The Guardian. Last modified February 14, 2018. https://www.theguardian.com/science/2017/oct/18/its-able-to-create-knowledge-itself-google-unveils-ai-learns-all-on-its-own.
The Next Rembrandt. The Next Rembrandt. Accessed October 26, 2019, https://www.nextrembrandt.com/.
 

