**Reading Response #9**
Dear Art 104,
If I had known that we would eventfully have regular discussions on digital identity, I really would have brought in the most appropriate 
experts I know to help clarify the subject. Yes, I would have invited Jackie, Matt, Inez, Digit, Dr. Marbles and Motherboard, over to my 
house for a book club I started. The idea to reunite with old friends like this would have been so that the Cybersquad and I could reach an 
agreement regarding two elephants in the room: “Who or what in the world is Miss ASI, the artificial superintelligence?”, and “How are we 
going to defeat The Hacker once and for all?” Fortunately, I learned from past experience (mistakes and all) and promptly took no time at 
all in summoning the Cybersquad to tackle together Nora N. Khan’s Towards a Poetics of Artificial Superintelligence. 

As Inez would say, with Motherboard acting as a visual aid, Miss ASI is an ideal candidate for ruling an empire over humans and artificially 
intelligent beings alike. Like Motherboard and Dr. Marbles working together, Miss ASI could use her knowledge in logic and reason to assist 
humans in perfecting otherwise trouble rocket science. Although, if she also lacks human emotions and moral compasses, as her critics say 
she might, then she could strongly oppose mankind for its senses of beauty and perfection, which are built on emotional expressions. And this 
crisis would be upsetting enough for Inez to utter to herself in horror, “Oh, this is not good, not good at all.” (By the way, I might just 
use that catchphrase of Inez’s as a standard to rate any and all problems I could face in life.) 

Anyway, having Miss ASI for a future empress may not sound all too exciting for Khan’s ambiguous audience. But then again, tragedies such 
as mankind being at the mercy of machines, are helpful reminders that humans are responsible for themselves and other beings around them, 
especially if they are either artificially intelligent or even alien. And speaking of aliens, I don’t oppose humanoid aliens as much as I 
oppose Jackie Wang’s dislike for the third kind in question. If humans could like both aliens and AI machines (like robots) based on 
appearance, then we have no reason why we should mistrust aliens, AI robots, OR Miss ASI based on character, and deny them the chance to 
lead mankind to a bright future.  At least humans are grateful for three good things regarding today’s discussion. 1: AI and alien science 
fiction prompt us to imagine new relationships between human and non-human beings, and exercise our minds in the process. 2: This opinion 
proves that I know better than to refer to contextually inappropriate material for conversation, since I’m building on a previous mistake. 
And 3: Without the support of Cyberchase in our lives, where would we be, with or without AI?  

Respectfully, 
Chi Nguyen,
The student who has learned his lesson in communication.

P.S: My reason to mention my past experiences in Art 104, would be to atone for my “irrelevant” commentary for Identify Yourself, which I 
hardly stomach by the way. When I brought up Inuyasha for the discussion, I thought it would relate to our discussion on identity, and I 
wanted to express how much I already knew about the subject too. I’m so sorry we had our difference of opinion the way we did, Mr. Arar; I 
mean it.
