This week's reading was refreshing to me. Artificial Superintelligence is such a fascinating topic. The very idea of AI developing into acheiving such ability is, in all honesty, quite frightening. Nora Khan discusses Nick Bostrom's speculative take on ASI and lists the types of possible ASI, which I found most interesting. With all of these metaphors being used to describe what ASI could or may be, what if it becomes something far off that we can describe with words? Condering that superintelligence is supposed to surpass the smartest minds out there, what if it becomes something that humans simply cannot comprehend? Another point I want to make is how Khan compares aliens with ASI. The way I see it, I've always considered ASI as not a physical being. It's more of a...incorporeal(?) presence; the human eye can't see it. It would be part of everything digital, and can see everything digital. Might sound kind of silly, but that's my "metaphor" for it. Aliens are more on the physical side of the unknown. I can see aliens as beings or forms of beings. However, Khan compares the two as: "...always becoming, because they are always not quite yet in existence, they help us produce new and ecstatic modes of thinking and feeling, speaking and being. I’d like to suggest that they enable a type of cognitive exercise and practice, for redirecting our attention towards the strange, for constructing spaces of possibility, and for forming new language." With this, I can understand the comparison. I also agree with how Khan summed up their points at the end. She mentions, "As our metaphors curve towards the amoral, to celebrate the beauty of systems, we could end up feeling more human, more rooted, more like ourselves." When we start to think about the "other," our minds goes away from living specicies; it wanders into other dimensions where things that don't or cannot exhist in our world, live. As we speculate and imagine all sorts of things, we start to see ourselves as more human or 'normal' because we're anticipating things that are opposite of what would be sustainable in our society.
