# Towards a Poetics of Artificial Intelligence

Towards a Poetics of Artificial Intelligence has widened my perception of potential AI outcomes. The article’s outline of potential analogous outcomes is hard to ignore, but just the idea that this system can think in more dimensions than our own inescapable ones makes the situation so unpredictable. Unpredictable by the current human mind as we evolve slowly, sustaining this current form roughly for the past 200-300 thousand years. While Artificial Super Intelligence could reiterate and improve on itself exponentially. Even the word exponentially bounds the growth rate to 2 dimensions but at what rate can a ASI improve when it works in multiple dimensions simultaneously? I found the examples in the writing of the ASI to be all plausible, yet I wondered how humans would attempt to control it. In the example of ASI as a hurricane, perhaps humans will attempt to build in guard rails to protect the things most important to us. This might even serve to define what is really important to human as a collective. The question is what will bound ASI when it becomes a reality? Will it be bound by our same laws and rules, like in iRobot starring Will Smith where the AI robots are bound to obey 3 laws in order to live along side and serve humans. At the end of the road our potential hope is that the ASI serves us in some form, yet the question remains. The ASI scenario that seems to be indifferent to human will is the example of a sovereign ASI. A sovereign ASI seemingly will not be bound to any human defined parameters. At this level I believe the ASI is most dangerous. Yet at the same time the danger is not so much that the ASI might have free thought, but that we won’t be able to know what it is thinking. This idea of an ASI that lacks all transparency by design leads back to the idea that even if we could open communication we might not even be able to understand it. One thing the article doesn’t dive into is how we will communicate with ASI. As of now the way we interact with computers is fairly low bandwidth. We use 10 fingers on a QWERTY keyboard and ask the circuits to convert our language to theirs(the computers) and their language to ours via a screen. It’s a slow form of communication and is fairly one sided in terms of who is serving who. Although the question of who serves who with the use of technology is changing, the point is our line of communication with computers is fairly limited when compared to our ease of passing knowledge to another human using our voice. Even if we do talk to the device using our voice like to a human we all know that when triggering SIRI the current form of AI is not proficient enough to understand us. So it raises the question of what will our communication look like when its intelligence surpasses our own. The roles may switch or it may not find a use for us at all. I believe that whatever way we can further open our line of communication with ASI is crucial to one day having any influence about the evolution of ASI. In doing so perhaps all the scenarios posed in the article are 
