**Reading 9**

After I read the Nora Khan's Toward a Poetics of Artifical Super Intelligence, I think that ASI’s will change our society through the use of its brilliance in cognitive abilities and discerning the challenges that should be tackled for the prosperity of flora and fauna. First, it will have the capability to design structures unimaginable to the human mind. The architectural parameters that will be observed by ASI’s will help in revolutionizing the way people create spaces (Khan). As such, our society will experience an immediate transformation in terms of quality, functionality, durability, and applicability of mega structures created by the ASI's. Additionally, this artificial supper intelligence will lead to proper rationing of the available resources through equitable distribution. For example, it will be able to discern the immediate needs of wildlife and human beings. Thus, ASI will create structures that will ensure that resources necessary for survival are availed when needed to eliminate the chances of a disaster. 

Additionally, I believed that ASI will change society through its research capabilities. It will be able to collect data, analyze, determine trends, and apply the most workable solution. This ability will instigate the immediate revolution of problems currently faced by the human population. For example, ASI will be in a position to develop vaccines in seconds, which will not only eliminate viruses but will also ensure that human beings are immune to them. 

Since ASI will possess immeasurable intelligence that can dissect the past and the future, it will act as an agent of the human population. Since it can self-replicate, it will develop revolutionary means that will make it possible to colonize other planets. In other words, ASI will lead to the critical protection of the human species from extinction by securing the present and the future. Thus, if it calculates that the earth is unlivable, ASI will, in a matter of seconds, develop measures to colonize a new planet for the progression of human life. 

However, ASI is different from other forms of AI since its capabilities will be beyond human beings' control. It will be motivated by parameters and cognitive approaches that are beyond the access of the human mind. Additionally, ASI will exist in a massive form with immense capabilities to research a problem, analyze it, and develop immediate solutions. These aspects make it differ from other forms of AI. 

ASI will effect our computational paradigms by instigating the development of new approaches in processing information and applying it to different situations. It will increase the capacity of data that can be stored to infinite levels. Additionally, ASI will change our computational paradigms through the development of a new way that will allow the exploration of unfounded expectations. As such, it will make what is unimaginable to human beings today possible through unlimited computational capabilities. 

Artificial intelligence has changed the way we utilize computers in various ways. For example, it has instigated the capability of computers to learn and solve problems. This aspect has made it easier for us to key in challenges and the AI helps in determining the solution. Additionally, it has led to the development of self-diagnosis in computers, which has revolutionized the longevity and applicability of machines today. Apart from this, AI has made it possible for computers to develop language that makes it easy to control various aspects that are integral to human life such as self-driving cars. It has also instigated the number of tasks that can be handled by computers without human input. For example, AI can change the way a computer works to optimize performance. As such, this makes it easier to access and process any information. 
