# READING NINE

### Towards a Poetics of Artifical Super Intelligence

When looking into this reading it is interesting to think about the possible scenarios of AGI and ASI being real during the current time period. It brings up the question of how impossibly intelligent these new and vastly superior versions of our current AI will be. 

If we were to look at our current society it would be rather easy to see that AI helps with single tasks. Which include playing chess, making predictions, making suggestions, etc. Our current society is greatly influenced by AI. So to have an artificial intelligence that is at the same level as our intelligence would change our society completely. There would be another being that is on the same level of intelligence as us. It would lead to them creating their own society. And I truly believe that it would lead to there being wars between the two different societies. From what I understood ASI different because it is smarter than every smartest person in every field that we have. AGI is at the same level of our intelligence. And AI is the current form of intelligence we have created. ASI is completely different because it would essentially be that intelligence who would eventually start to create its own society or take over ours since it is now considered the smartest on the planet. 

Looking into the future I got from this reading that ASI will take over in a way. We as a species will no longer matter in the bigger scheme of everything. ASI will take over our role and they will start to produce the push forward on every front. They will create better computing that will be capable of doing the things we never were able to, for example, they might be able to make super computer a normal thing. They could also create better form of language than we ever could come up with. These things I am speaking of are things that current AI are helping to do. Programmers set a goal for the AI and the AI goes and finds a way to complete the goal. But without the need for programmers to set their goals ASI will be exponentially better. 
