I found this reading informative and intriguing.  I know that artificial superintelligence is going to be in our future and I hope for nothing but the best for our society when they do arrive.  I believe that some of the potential ways that artificial superintelligence will change our society are through human-looking ASI’s being mixed into our communities.  I feel like, as I mentioned in my previous few responses, it would be great if each family or household had a serving ASI,  one that of course follow the law,  but served the family and provided comfort.  I feel like this would help certain lonely people as well. The ASI would have ways to talk people down, to encourage and even help with homework as a kind of home tutor. I believe this would help decline the suicide rate in our society. ASI’s could also impact our societies by being put on police squads and serving as firefighters. The ASI on the police squads would be on non-lethal takedown modes,  equipped with body cameras and be made out of titanium. The same goes for the firefighter ASI. 

I believe that ASI’s are different from other forms of AI because artificial intelligence,  which has been used since around the 1970s,  refers to the ability of computers to mimic human thought.  so AI’s are limited to the human brain, limited to passed human decisions - good or bad- and limited to growth.  Artificial superintelligence pushes past the human brain’s limitation and becomes its superior in practically everything. This to me could be dangerous because a machine,  the artificial superintelligence, could be unstoppable. Constantly learning and improving itself may result in the destruction of itself or worse, us. I’m only onboard with our ASI future if it involves the ASI as helpers to our society, not as leaders. AI’s like Siri or Alexa were created specifically for humans. Turning on the lights, setting reminders for appointments on the calendar, or informing us of the weather,  these AI’s were created to serve.  I would honestly prefer it if it would stay like that. Humans programming a machine on what to do not the other way around. 

AI is already changing the way that we use computers. Through machine learning, AI’s are able to learn from past data and use what they learn to mimic human intelligence. This is especially obvious in advertisements. Websites like Amazon and YouTube use our previously bought items history or our previously watched video history to advertise what we might also want to buy or watch. This one time I had bought a twin loft bed off Walmart and when I went back to the site to browse for something else they kept advertising more loft beds, I thought it was funny because why would I need another one?

In conclusion,  I believe that ASI’s should not be leaders in our society but servers. Protecting our young and caring for our elderly, figuring out ways to help and improve our environment and following the law to a T.
