 Researchers and scientists have come up with a theory that anticipates the emergence of artificial super intelligence (ASI). This results from the fact that artificial intelligence is quickly advancing and transforming into artificial super intelligence. The advancement of artificial superintelligence has resulted in questioning the ultimate result of this development to humanity. ASI is considered as an intellect that supersedes all the most intelligent humans in all aspects ranging from abstract reasoning, experimentation, and social maneuvering, among others. As such, this form of intelligence results from its exponential growth from artificial intelligence.  Artificial super intelligence could potentially change the society in various unique ways and could alter the future of computational paradigms hence being considered a unique form of artificial intelligence.
According to the article, an artificial superintelligence could transform the world in many ways. To start with, the author notes that this form of intelligence will work in ways we cannot comprehend.  The ASI’s working mechanism would be motivated by the interpretations of the cognitive world that no human being can access. For this reason, this form of intelligence would consider human beings as large masses that barely move making little effects on its operation. 
The ASI has been likened to a hurricane showing how potentially destructive this form of intelligence could be to society. Hurricanes are known to have detrimental impacts on property and people since it leads to destruction of homes, towns and wrecks human beings. Similarly, ASI could have such a catastrophic impacts on the society since it could manipulate and adjust scenarios based on its analysis and might not consider humanity. Additionally, ASI has been likened to an architect, meaning that this form of intelligence will be essential in reconstruction and building the society. This form of intelligence will have the ability to optimize existence and building its space hence increasing productivity. As such, it will create a society where complex processes and activities can be solved in a shorter period. Another potential impact of ASI on the society would be its ability to have power over humanity. ASI could make decisions that overrule those of human beings for the benefit of the environment. An example of this is a scenario where a drought hits a place, and the ASI determines whether water should be rationed to non-humans or humans. In a standard setting, humans would choose water for humanity forgetting about the adverse effects in the future. As of ASI, it decides on the most rational decision without attaching any aspect of personality. Finally, ASI will get most work done in the society hence benefiting all aspects starting including humanity and the environment.
The main difference between ASI and other forms of intelligence is that artificial superintelligence depicts a machining mind with unlimited cognitive power. This form of intelligence is compelling and has an almost-infinite memory and processing ability.
