In Nora N. Khan article, Towards a Poetics of Artificial Superintelligence, the author describes ASI and how it would affect mankind. ASI has not yet been developed but it would be smarter than all the the most intelligent humans on earth and would know the answer to every question. This means that the machine will hold all of the world's information without the ethics of what to do with it. As humans we have the ability to look at information and decide what to do with it but a machine just knows the facts and will do whatever you tell it to do. This type of technology would be difficult to control because it is thinking in ways we could not conceive of. The author references Jackie Wangs essay, “We Epistolary Aliens”, in which she explains how even when we think of extraterrestrial beings, it still possesses human characteristics. A green skinny creature but it still has a head with the eyes above the mouth, and it still has a body with legs and arms and feet. Realistically, an alien would be such a foreign concept that we would not even be able to start to imagine how it looks. ASI could be a type of alien or alternate life form. If it has the ability to learn, reason, and improve, then it could develop its own personality that would be superior to all humans because it would know more than anyone. When Khan was comparing ASI to a hurricane she came to the conclusion that just like a hurricane, ASI will not change its goals based on human intervention. Therefore no human would be able to control it. AI is already changing the way we use computers by targeting individuals with ads and information that they know are relevant to your life and interests. AI even suggests new information that it thinks you will like. AI technology knows you better than anyone based on your searches and I think that in the future it could use this information to shift your interests as well. Considering AI already knows how to get your attention I think it potentially has the ability to draw you in to manipulate you and tell you what to like. I can see this being the new way of politically campaigning in which you are targeting as an individual based on your interests and what the AI knows about you. This could open a whole new door of power within technology because the AI would have the power over humans. The second technology is telling humans what to like and is controlling our interests is when we should be concerned about the ethics of AI. With every search we are feeding more data into AI and telling it more about ourselves and this action has become so natural that we would never even notice when the information slowly starts to shift into propaganda. 
