ASI from the readings seem to be similar to an AI but with it's on super speed learning and development. In a future of ASI where does the fate of someone like me stand. I think there are a couple of different questions that needs to be answered. With a super speed processing system, they are able to think in dimensions that are unknown to humans. We could not fathom or understand how it works just as we can't see the same colors animals can. But if we live a world where ASI and humans coexist does this really matter? Firstly would these ASI with progressions of learning will ASI (who could compute beyond human understanding) be able to convey and read emotions? THe other thing I wonder if while coexisting with humans would ASI function for the benefit of the humans or ASI. Not to say or assume that ASI have emotions or feelings, but it is reasonable to think that ASI would most likely make decisions that are beneficial, but it is a question of whether or not these ASI would make decisions that would benefit everyone as a whole, themselves, or for the individuals that they coexist with (families?) When I think about this topic a couple movies come to mind including Ex Machina and iRobot. In Ex Machina, she lives and acts for her own interst and survival. In iRobot the robots try to coup the human world and take it for themselves. It is to safe to say that if there was a situation in which ASI were to compete against humans, I think humans would not have a chance. In the movie iRobot, there are rules that are meant to protect humans and in a lot of ways the robots are treated similar to slaves. I do believe that ASI have emotional intelligence but I do not know if they'll be capable of personally feeling anything. ASI can take on many forms but I think they will be created to look and act similar to humans. On the assumption that it can not feel, I would like to believe is human-looking ASI would coexist with humans and would be loyal to their owners. This however though would mean it would be capable of doing good and bad acts. An owner could force it do good or evil. I think the biggest question on how coexitence of ASI and huamsn would turn out depends on the question of who or what would the ASI act for. There is so many topics that could be used, as they have more intelligence do we let them make political decisions because they would be the best decision without letting emotions getting involved? How much do we use the technology in human life. Would they be able to make decisions for the world or do they not have the same rights as humans. Humans too, with their emotions, would undoubtedly fall in love with these machines. If this is the case are humans allowed to legally marry these ASI. If humans can marry them what would stop these ASI from having rights. Imagine wars fought by ASI what do they seem like? There are so many different aspects of life that could be changed is ASI were intergrated into society. 
