Ms. Khan is metaphorically exploring Nick Bostrom's ideas. She believes that in the future, the human invention will lock him out of the city he has built. The topic revolves around artificial intelligence and artificial superintelligence. The question is not whether effective machinic minds will arrive, but when they will arrive. Artificial superintelligence is the future of unlimited cognitive power. AI has almost infinite memory and high processing ability. ASI can access information about everything that has ever happened, is happening now, and may take place in the future. In other words, it has a limitless capacity. It originates from artificial intelligence, which is a few steps from the cognitive power of humans. AI provides new modes of thinking, speaking and feeling. According to Nick Bostrom, humans can never be the center of intelligence as their thinking is limited to maximum capacity. That is why people need artificial superintelligence systems to perform cognitive tasks that are beyond their reach.  
Artificial superintelligence is different from artificial intelligence. Firstly, the fact that ASI is superintelligence makes the difference as it means that ASI has limitless cognitive power. It is beyond human imagination and understanding. ASI can cast its mind million years backward and millions of years forward with total ease. Artificial intelligence, on the other hand, is just a few steps ahead of human memories. AI comprises aliens that work under the command of human beings. AI does anything humans can do, including reasoning, learning, and improvement. However, AI is not as deeply developed as ASI, and it brings about the difference.
Artificial superintelligence is the future of computing. It will work like no other smart being in history. Due to its unlimited cognitive abilities, there are many ways in which ASI will affect the computational paradigms of the future. Firstly, ASI will be the architect in the future. ASI is capable of picking different heuristics to sculpt a new physical structure. According to Bostrom, ASI architectural design will be way ahead of and different from biological ones. Secondly, ASI will be a master of data storage. Its abilities to know every detail that happened in the past, details happening now and future occurrences will be a boom. It will make computerization not only easy but also accurate and more reliable.
AI is already changing the way people use computers. Although it seems a little inferior from ASI, it is still making a significant impact in the world of computing. First, it does so through memory access. Memory access is one of the common differences between AI and traditional workloads. AI application increases computers’ sophistication maximizing memory logic, using memory efficiently, and saving cost. AI has also improved the computer’s storage capacity. Unlike traditional systems, modern artificial intelligence has high storage bits that allow mass storage of data. Finally, AI is fast. The processing speed is quite high in terms of searches, data retrieval, and recording. All these factors revolutionize computation.
All in all, ASI and AI are the future of intelligence. ASI is the most intelligent system with infinite memory processing. It can access and understand all the information that happened in the past, happens in present, and might happen in the future. Its memory and knowledge expand faster than waves. ASI will be the future architect, agent, and frontline searcher. As much as AI has changed the world of computerization, ASI will come to advance it even more.   

