Nora N. Khan, in her piece, “Towards a poetics of Artificial super intelligence”, (Khan) presents a discussion of what most humans have never thought about. Her command of English and use of various stylistic devices to describe artificial super intelligence (ASI) are impressive. Khan informs the readers of more powerful artificial intelligence (AI) than any ever witnessed on earth. She makes the reader familiar with the topic by causing them to intensely ponder many of its aspects simultaneously, and then explains her thoughts on the possible importance of such ASI in society. ASI is viewed as super intelligence which will ease people’s work, bring more success to the community and at the same time, possibly lead to much destruction. It is a modern phenomenon that is exciting and disturbing, offering immense scope for the progress and enhancement of human life, with a potential threat of vanquishing it, as well. 
<div/>
Potential Ways ASI’s will Change Our Society
<div/>
Khan explains the analogous statements used in Bostrom’s piece and uses them to tell readers how ASI will change society. She shows the positive impact of ASI by stating that work will be revolutionized due to its involvement. She gives the readers a good example of how the human brain would compare with ASI; she says that the comparison would be like that between an ant’s and a human’s brain. She explains that ASI will do repetitive and strenuous work with the speed of lightning. She however, denies that ASI will completely usurp humans’ occupations, which is reassuring. She states that, instead, such jobs will be done in a totally different way from how humankind does it. She gives an example of ASI being architects building the tallest-ever skyscrapers in the world in the shortest duration.  The changes ASI will usher in as seen in this light do not seem very daunting, but rather, eventualities to be welcomed.
<div/>
Differences between ASI and AI
<div/>
ASI is very different from AI in all aspects. According to Khan, ASI conducts operations that surpass human thought and actions, unlike AI, which does what human do. She says that humans have nearly the same cognitive capacity as AI, but do not have capability matching that of ASI. Also, she mentions that ASI operates in a way that humans cannot understand, unlike AI, which is controlled by humans and therefore, works according to their wishes. ASI is  much more intelligent than AI.  ASI is superior to AI in its sophistication; it is an advancement in science and technology toward a supreme entity.
<div/>
Implications of ASI’s on the Computational Paradigm 
<div/>
ASI will ultimately disorient current computational paradigms.  In Khan’s view, it might be friendly to humans, though its computational methods might be strange and complex to human understanding. Currently, AI has revolutionized how people use computers in many ways: for instance, AI creates powerful educational programs used by humans like AI search engines that compile quality educational resource for humans so that they do not need to scroll the internet. Moreover, AI simplifies complex data into simple and understandable languages; so, humans do not have to manually process elaborate work. It is currently used in banks and healthcare institutions where the AI-run machines improve the organizations’ customer-care service, support delivery to clients, and perform many more tasks such as screening of job applicants’ resumes.  ASI is a super-intelligent agent which will perform far more elaborate computations than done now to ease the people’s work, bring more success to society, and at the same time, may lead to problems in the community.  ASI, as Khan rightly mentions, will be very complex and different as compared to AI. 
