reading response #9

In the reading of this week, Nora N. Khan introduced Artificial Superintelligence to the reader. The concept of AI is very broad. Now, according to the strength of AI, it can be divided into Artificial Narrow Intelligence, Artificial General Intelligence, and Artificial Superintelligence. We are now still in a world full of weak artificial intelligence, such as spam classification system is a weak artificial intelligence that can help us filter spam; Google translation is a weak artificial intelligence that can help us translate English; alpha go is a weak artificial intelligence that can defeat the world champion of the game of go, and so on. These weak AI algorithms continue to strengthen innovation, and each innovation of weak AI is adding to the journey to strong AI and super AI. Artificial general intelligence is similar to human-level artificial intelligence. Artificial general intelligence can be compared with human in all aspects. The human can do all kinds of mental work. It's much harder to create artificial general intelligence than weak artificial intelligence. We can't do it now. Artistic general intelligence is defined as "a broad psychological ability to think, plan and solve problems. Artificial general intelligence, who understands complex concepts, learns quickly and learns from experience, should be as handy as human beings when performing these operations. Compare with Artificial Narrow Intelligence and Artificial General Intelligence, Artificial superintelligence is more powerful than artificial narrow intelligence and artificial general intelligence. The abbreviated name of Artificial Superintelligence is ASI. In the reading, Artificial Superintelligence is defined as "in almost all fields, she is much smarter than the most intelligent human brain," including scientific innovation, general knowledge, and social skills. ASI has a mind with the unlimited cognitive ability to access any information including events that have occurred, events that have not occurred and events that can be predicted. Her neural network collects, replicates, and edits human knowledge and memory. This is equivalent to a collection of countless human brains. Try to imagine how much a human scientist's brain can contribute to society, and super artificial intelligence has the convergence of thousands of scientists' intelligence. 
In the reading, Nora states the works ASI can do and the effect ASI may bring to the human. ASI could be anywhere in the future and doing every possible thing in the world. “A mature ASI likely won’t change its final goals due to human intervention,” Nora writes. Humans will not be able to control ASI and will only be able to track her. Uncontrolled ASI will be a great threat to human beings. In addition, Nora also mentions the shortcoming of ASI. ASI does not have any emotional. “ASI will function in ways we can’t and won’t understand, but it won’t necessarily be unfriendly. Friendly, unfriendly, moral and immoral — these concepts won’t apply,” Nora explained. The appearance of ASI may benefit or harm human beings. Therefore, as human beings who are likely to create ASI, we need to think about how to use the positive aspects of ASI and avoid the troubles caused by ASI. 
