**Reading Response #11**

We are gathered here today to celebrate multiple parties all at the same time. From the most beloved to the least beloved, the world is 
most certain to miss the likes of Sheriff Woody of Toy Story; Sora of Kingdom Hearts; Vanellope von Schweetz of Wreck-It Ralph (actually, 
I think Sora and Vanellope are tied for the world’s second most beloved departed character after Woody); and Mr. Christopher Wylie of 
Cambridge Analytica. Clearly, we have good reason as of late to bittersweetly bid farewell to the three Disney characters in question, but 
Wylie? Well, his is a complex story, but it’s also the one that should help us feel sympathy for him.

Needless to say, Christopher Wylie must have been archetypally a socially awkward student in high school, considering how it wasn’t until 
he joined computer and hacker culture that he found his place in the world. But by now, he couldn’t afford life in the fast lane anymore, 
not since the powers that be in America have been exploiting technology (such as that found at Cambridge Analytica) and personal 
information to propagate their images and appeal to voters, much to the voters’ ignorance and Wylie’s dismay. If Wylie honestly knew that 
Cambridge Analytica would agree to use the world’s machines and people’s personals for politicians and even the military-industrial 
complex, then Wylie would have resigned from his job at data consultation. Except that quitting alone would not change the fact that 
Wylie’s firm would still be active in creating social paranoia, whether Donald Trump or Brexit need it or not. So, what could Wylie do 
about his dilemma? Instead of quitting on the corrupted firm in question, he told The Observer on them, agreeing to be interviewed 
thoroughly in the process. Wylie’s whistleblowing may have collapsed his employer and cost him his job, but it was worth safeguarding the 
privacy of civilians as well as world peace (in a sense). Christopher Wylie must have learned a good thing or two on whistleblowing after 
watching Disney-Pixar’s Monsters, Inc., thanks to the example provided by James P. "Sulley" Sullivan and Mike Wazowski.

Speaking of Disney characters, remember how this eulogy got started? The world would take more depression from farewelling to Disney 
characters, fictional characters, rather than farewelling to Wylie and Camridge Analytica. Well, the world actually isn’t wrong in 
prioritizing its grievances. After all, Wylie dealt with tech-based politics behind the scenes of real-life America; while Woody reunited 
with long lost love Bo Peep at a carnival, Sora sacrificed himself to save Kairi after winning the Keyblade War, and Vanellope found her 
inner Disney Princess on the Internet through her song A Place Called Slaughter Race. Is it any wonder then that we are recognizing 
Christopher Wylie only now? Of course, these exploits are all the more reason as to why we are present to sorrow over the fates of Woody, 
Sora, Vanellope, and even Hercules and Wylie. Because it just goes to show us that heroes never quit but protect their worlds and loved 
ones with all their hearts, following their hearts as they always do.
