Podcast response:

I have to be honest, I actually didn’t know much about the situation revolving around Cambridge Analytica. Its name was as much as I knew of it. After listening to the podcast, I had to do some research into it because I was confused throughout most of it. From my understanding, Cambridge Analytica was or is(?) a British political consulting firm that apparently misused or stolen digital assets and data from the public. This adds up to what Christopher Wylie was explaining in the podcast about how they were able to do this by subtly manipulating people’s behaviors through social media. There were a lot of articles that talked about Facebook and Cambridge Analytica. Although I have seen some headlines about the two in the past, I didn’t actually look into it, up until now. According to an article on Vox, it appears that “Facebook exposed data on up to 87 million Facebook users to a researcher who worked at Cambridge Analytica, which worked for the Trump campaign” (Chang). I’m kind of upset at myself for missing out on this. The fact that CA was able to easily gain access to data of millions of individuals worldwide through Facebook and use that to run the digital presidential campaign is distressing. There are two things that I now have in mind regarding this matter. The first is the fact that I have somehow missed out on all of this even though I am active on social media (to an extent). Though I do have a Facebook account, I haven’t logged in onto it for four years. I mainly stopped because everything on my dashboard became overwhelming with upsetting news about the world. The only social media application I use is Instagram and sometimes reddit. But somehow, the CA scandal flew over my head. The point I wanted to make is if there is a way to reach out to those who are not always online. Or, will everything eventually become so dependent on digital communication, that people will have no choice but to refer to the internet for news? My next point is, where can we draw the line when it comes to data collecting? I feel that many people don’t know what exactly is being taken or used when they agree to the terms. I also feel that many don’t even know that their data is being taken, hence the harsh reaction when they do find out. Kids especially don’t understand what happens when they sign up for YouTube or Facebook. Although it says they have to be 13 or over, kids under the age are still able to sign up by faking their date of birth! So their data is also being taken as well. So how do we account for that and how would we differentiate and filter out the data that’s been (illegally) taken from kids under the age of 13? This reminds me of what is currently happening with Youtube and data collection. Apparently, FTC is fining Youtube $170 million for collecting data of children, and content creators are also at risk for lawsuit as FTC explained that if they see a Youtuber is targeting children, they will be fined.  This is absolutely unfair for content creators and I feel like this is something Youtube and Google have to fix within their system rather than punishing content creators as well. 
