# Cambridge Analytica whistleblower Christopher Wylie: the cognitive segregation of America

I had heard about the scandal surrounding Cambridge Analytica and their involvement with the presidential election, however I have never really heard directly form the whistle blower himself, Christopher Wylie. Wylie is an interesting character who didn’t disappoint me in his passion for human privacy. From the start of the conversation hearing Wylie explain the example of someone going on a date unknowingly with a stalker is appalling and cringeworthy. Yet this scenario is much more likely with the exorbitant amount of personal data that’s accessible to anyone willing to look hard enough. Cambridge Analytica indirectly made that easier. As a result Wylie saw fit to rebel against what he once believed could help catch terrorist, became a tool that actually helps create them. Wylie talks about movements such as ISIS using the internet and profile targeting in order to appeal their message to the most likely people to be recruited. Specially he mentions the demographic of young unmarried men as being the most likely to join others like them in terrorist groups when manipulated by algorithms and targeting software. Software which placed in the wrong hands had and has shown to have enormous potential for disaster. Wylie mentions that these ISIS attacks over the world aren’t all sourced from foreign land, rather they are home raised via online exposure of targeted propaganda.
 
On another note, Wylie speaks to how the software at Cambridge Analytica plays only a part in the total danger of the internet. He mentions facebook’s algorithm is built to retain engagement, thus with Trump’s commission of Cambridge Analytica’s help and Facebook’s targeted ads, sprinkle in some Russian Hackers and he is able to get into office. It may sound unlikely that the internet got Trump into office, but I recently heard another podcast with a journalist who studied Facebook’s algorithm and specifically Russias’s involvement in the election. She reports that Facebook’s algorithm found that angering people gets more clicks and engagement. More engagement equals more time spent the platform leading to exposure to even more ads. Thus when tracing sources for ads and online trolls pertaining American Politics it is found that a lot of it comes from Russia. Wylie mentions in the podcast that the dirty secret about Russia is that it can’t afford to sustain a similar military power to the United States so it instead invests its efforts into cyber warfare. Furthermore cyber warfare now means we are all on the battle ground, with governments and corporations trying to record and use our data for monetary and political power. Wylie talks about a design fiction that takes this idea of a machine controlling our emotions for our unconscious servitude that depicts a world in the future where the machines in our home are all listening or watching us so they can squeeze the most cash from us. It sounds scary and like a Black Mirror episode, but this is the reality of the interest and investments from groups such as Cambridge Analytica and I applaud Wylie for providing the public with the truth.
