**Reading 11**
Outstandingly, technology has transformed society throughout history. Over the past few decades, computers, smartphones, and the Internet have utterly refurbished the manner people interact in society. Among other things, technology has promoted the dissemination of information throughout America in various ways. However, despite making life easier, technology seems to have control over human lives. Interestingly, Christopher Wylie takes us through the dark side of technology. Whereas I learned various lessons from Wylie’s interview, none of them carried a deeper meaning than the risk of segregating individuals in society when information is separated and targeted at various groups of people. 

It is undeniable that Wylie attributes advancement in technology with the risk of cognitive segregation in American society. While he does not state explicitly what cognitive segregation is, I tend to think that he coined by breaking down the term “technology” into techno and logy. From a personal perspective, I understand techno as an application, art, or skill. Conversely, logy could denote science and learnin. Thus, the linguistic meaning of the term “technology” could be the methods as well as tools that individuals have realized to facilitate the solution of various handy problems and to offer the necessary needs for society. As Younes & Al-Zoubi assert the use of technology in various areas of life heightens risks, threats, and crime associated with the technique, thereby reflecting adversely on the potential of its use in utter terms in all walks of life. 

Interestingly, Wylie expands on Younes & Al-Zoubi’s assertion that technology heightens risks, threats, and crime such that those boasting expertise in technology is likely to act immorally on the innocent. Admittedly, I could not see a better way to describe the adverse effects of advanced technology than Wylie has put it. Among other things, I believe that technology is to be blamed for racism in America. Whether over print media, social media, and the Internet, technology has made it easy for various groups to stereotype. Worse still, technology has enabled cyber-bullying. All the same, I believe that my argument against technology in the U.S. is not as strong as Wylie. As an expert in the field of technology and as an individual that has worked for a company that got personalized data without clients’ consent, Wylie understands how technology can be used to benefit a few individuals at the expense of the majority. Besides, he understands how the minority experienced in the field can use it immorally. 

Whereas I could have perceived segregation brought about by technology in terms of individuals that can afford technology versus ones that do not have that capital, Wylie has taught me that technological segregation is about targeting various groups of people. Somehow, Wylie perceives that technology should be blamed for creating two worlds in America. Whereas I agree that such segregation may be unwanted, I believe that Wylie has failed to understand one thing “there is nothing like equality.” Whereas the majority of us fail to admit it, we live in a world of rich and poor. Unmistakably, there would be no way that marketers would reach their target customers without segregating them. After all, the rich would go for high-end products while the poor would look for cheap products. Above all, I believe that there is nothing that America and the whole globe could do to get rid of cognitive segregation.
