## Response Eleven

This was a difficult listen overall. There was so much I had to go back and re-listen to more than a couple times. The concept that I believe I grasped fairly thoroughly was Informational dominance. Informational dominance is when the narrative, in this specific topic it was talking about the internet, is controlled by the government or one major source. This is similar to how the Soviet Union and Nazi Germany ran their countries during the time of their power. They would only show the people what they  wanted them to see. They had complete control of everything the people saw. 

Informational dominance is a bit different in today's time. During these modern times of the internet you don’t have to use your power to scare the people into letting you assert your informational dominance, but rather you use persuasion through social media. You can use social media to have informational dominance. Specific people. Invite them into channels of information. The algorithm changes your news feed to what you click on. The AI is geared towards engagement. Cambridge Analytica invites people to meet to discuss over a topic they all agree on. Brings you face to face to people that have similar thoughts to you. People are from different facets of life but don’t have an agenda. New sources have agendas. First to radicalize you need to have people separate from people with “agendas”. Listen to the people with no agendas and that is how you are secure with building your insurgency. Once these people come together there is an organic movement. The use of social media makes it seem like it’s okay. Kind of like a “hey trust us cause we’re in the same group. 

Money helps a lot in government but it can’t buy it. America has a problem with radicalized paranoid people who believe in a reality that does not exist. To attack those people plus into the isolation factor. You play into the manipulators point. People believe in things that aren’t true. The natural reaction is to attack the people and then they believe it more. (BACKFIRE EFFECT) 

Facebook won’t be the major social media forever. It has been the first to take our data and use it for their profit. But they will definitely not be the last. The next generation of connection like 5G and next gen WiFi makes it more possible for us to be watched by simple things like our toothbrushes. Which will further increase the way that informational dominance is asserted on to us, the people. 
