Facebook these days has changed the way we view things, it can be used to connect with family, friends, work colleagues, and in meeting new people.  It enables individuals to share information about themselves with the public. According to Christopher, it is a big social networking site where people get to talk to each other without anyone noticing that they are talking. Thus, I think Facebook is lately the best source of information. If an individual wants to be updated with the latest news, the best place would be on this platform.</p> 
 It actually allows for the passage of information or an individual to communicate with many people without necessarily meeting them personally. One can deliver news, make short funny videos, and use memes to pass their message. However, it seems like there are many people who are addicted to Facebook. When you get to walk down the streets many people are looking down on their phones and do not notice what going on around them, people spend too much time on the social networking site hence have difficulty in cutting back. This, in the end, causes problems with real-life relationships careers, and school.</p>
In the podcast, Wylie claims that Facebook has created many problems for people as there is no privacy in what individuals post on the site. Some people may think that they are in real relationships with people whom they have a lot in common. But then this ends up not being true as they were being stalked on their likes and dislikes on Facebook by the alleged partner. This is true because it is difficult to tell who is stalking you on Facebook. As such, individuals may fall into bad relationships.</p>
According to Wylie, Facebook dictates the segregation of America. Thus, it is not right to allow a company to command the terms of segregation of America. This is due to the fact that when people are isolated problems occur. Additionally, he points out that experiences with Facebook vary from one person to another. This notion is true as everyone thinks differently and each individual is allowed to make their own judgments. Thus, I do not think it is okay to say that Facebook allows for segregation of the country as a healthy and progressive country is where people bring different ideas together.</p> 
Additionally, Wylie claims that the United States of America generals have unlimited funds that allow them to make a purchase of dangerous nuclear missiles that they want. On the other hand, a country like Russia or the ISIS group lacks these funds to purchase nuclear weapons. I think this view is misguided since the lack of enough funds could be the reason as to why countries have not gone to war in the past 20 years. The tactics people use to attack others have also evolved from analog to digital. As such, having funds does not mean that attacks from terrorist groups will not be actualized.</p> 
 Furthermore, according to Wylie, the United States could not use missiles to stop radicalization. This is true as the country had to dump their analogy of having more money to buy powerful missiles. Instead, it had to focus on finding a team of specialists who could dismantle the Internet ring created by terrorists. Thus, today, it is not all about money in winning terrorist fights. It requires experts in counterterrorism who understand how to use technology to mitigate cyber-attacks. 
