# Reading Respond 11
## Cambridge Analytica whistleblower Christopher Wylie: the cognitive segregation of America

I've heard of Cambridge Analytica and I know very little about how it's related to Facebook. I believe it has to do with how Facebook allows political target ads to brainwash people's mindsets and change their minds about candidates. 

The podcast's guest was Christopher Wylie. It sparks my interest that he was a part of Cambridge Analytica and now publishing a book about his secret role hijacking the profiles of millions of Facebook users to target the US electorate. It is crazy for me that things are no longer "innocent", we're being influenced and our behaviors are being modified without us even realizing it. I thought targeted Instagram ads are a problem. But now I finally realized my consumerism targeted ad is nothing compared to this. Our data which we thought were private are out there in the wild. Not only did it collect our data, but once you accept the third party's agreement, they also see your friend's data. 

Christopher shared that when talking about militarizing tech operations, there are 2 different paths. One is hacking, the other one is the PsyOps. I had to look those up to get more details and learn that PsyOps' goal "is to influence the emotions, motives, objective reasoning, decision-making abilities and ultimately the behavior of foreign governments, organizations, groups, and individuals." (Army Study Guide) Anyway, he was in psyops and he ended up helping the company to created psychological and political profiles of 230 million Americans and then target them with political ads. Now that is crazy to me. It's even crazier to me that he did all these when he was 24. And it worked, his contribution helped to tip the scales on Brexit and the 2016 US presidential election.

Our data are being mined by a single click. The data Cambridge Analytica collected were thought a Facebook's third parties app thisisyourdigitallife and people themselves gave consent to these apps without knowing the real deal. We're used to the ideas that if you are the one who reads the "terms and condition", you're weird. When install or join a new third party app, Facebook always lets you know what data the app will be collecting. People don't take it seriously and think their info is safe and that "Facebook" cannot do anything with it. Little did they know, their data is being used to modified not just their life, but their culture and their mindset. I think people need to educate themselves more about this side of technology. It's a deep concept, but since we are the "users", we should know our advantages and disadvantages. With just one click, these companies know everything about you, from the smallest thing like what you bought today, they can predict what you would buy next before you even know it yourself. 


