Reading Response 11

Thanks for sharing this video with Cambridge Analytica's sharp and advance perspectives about the dangers of the technology era. 
I agree with all his opinions. It is the last reading of the semester. I felt we all had broadened our views and learned to use a different way to see this digital world. I appreciated that I had read many critical readings from this class to ensure my concerns about
the immediate social environment. 

I will write my opinion about the title of the article "Cambridge Analytica whistleblower Christopher Wylie: the cognitive segregation of America". 
I remembered I talked about this for the second time in class, and I was worried about the high technology would diffuse and control people who belonged to minorities group. 
First, we all remembered the Trump's election in 2016. Russia used Facebook as a platform to spread fake news by registering phoney news accounts. First, it is easy to handle because facebook does not use the real-name system when registering.  Second, it can register as many as you can without limitations. Third, many outsourcing companies are working for facebook without regulations.  Forth, facebook decreased his risks by using the outsourcing company because many of them diffuse information outside America by using another language which many Americans do not know. 
The second, I did not hear so many news about HongKong's protest when I went back to my country during the summer break, but I read some from western perspectives which stood by Hong Kong side. When I went back to my home, everybody said it was awful. One of the guys committed suicide did not get executed, and he was protected by Hong Kong law department. People thought that was fair. The girl who was from Taiwan died worthlessly. The media only distributed the news about how foreigners on the roofs watch the protests or activists aggressively treated the police. Many people could see the report from Hong Kong broadcasts in my city, and they were more critical. When their whole community all believed that Hong Kong should consider more their economy than anything else, they would tend to follow the mass without standing for their own opinions. Most of my friends were studying abroad or working abroad, but they did not have much knowledge about what is real democracy. When asked them if you chose freedom or money, they would think about it again, but they would not have a good judgement of the consequence unless they face it one day.
The ridiculous thing is that now the media all over the world are connected. Many outsourcing companies are small company. They might work for American mass media while working the other countries media as well. They can easily to manipulate the news by surveillance to see what people are highly focused because they can produce more news stories about that for benefits while increasing their awareness such as Hong Kong protest which people like to talk about it. They feed them more which called win-win. They do people's preferences by stealing people's conversation and enlarge it. For example, why China is so popular right now, I do not have any shreds of evidence about why, but they can use media all over the world to increase their prestige. Most people would follow the trend. To build a confidence in other countries, it is necessary way to China's development. I would not disagree with it as long as they are good information; However, media also can use this way to do many things are bad inlurences to other countries as well.
The third, when I just came to America, I got some fraud calls, but only English caller. Now, I can get many Indian Egnlish callers, but most are Mandarine Caller. After releasing the DMV sold the customers data, I felt very nervous, because I worried about if they sold to some criminal gangs because they have detailed information about people, who just came to America without knowing anything about here while without good language skilles.  They are vulnerable and easy to be deceived into taking advantages of them. If Facebook wants to any minorities believe something is real, they can distribute the news by separate people in many groups to manipulate them. They may create conflicts with different minorities by spreading fakes news to engage more people and let them pay more attention to it. People are more active on Facebook, and they can get more benefits from advertisements, a news company, and become famous. 
People who have divided into groups will have in commons and hard to believe and accept the outside the opinions. Sorry, I felt I talked too much. Wish everything I wrote is not valid. 

