
In such a data age, anything we do on the Internet is to contribute data to the data age. Christopher Wylie,  a Cambridge Analytica whistleblower. In his interview, he revealed a cruel truth to us: in the world of conspiracy theories, most people are ignorant. Especially in the way that everyone read the news to learn the latest events in the world. We all choose to believe the news report unconditionally, but we ignore that the news may deceive us. Especially when the news media that deceive the masses is still the brand that the masses trust every day, it becomes more ironic. If even the most credible news media known by the masses are no longer credible, the masses really know nothing but being cheated.

In the interview, we learned that dissident media would encounter attacks from the opposite side. Especially when your opponents are the powerful ones. In a world full of conspiracy theories, any regime that claims to be free and democratic has become a joke. Dissidents are not embracing the idea of opposing sides, but are willing to do anything to shut them up.

Very disappointed, not only in the West. In the Hong Kong incident in my own country, it is even more heartbreaking for the masses who are lost because of the confusion caused by the murderers. Even most of the Hong Kong media in the incident were at the center of the plot to control the will of the masses. But what's more ironic is that all people in the world can only judge whether things are good or bad through the public opinion guidance of the news media. However, they know nothing about it. They are just manipulated by public opinion. They actually know nothing about it.

Contrary to the news media which are mostly controlled by powerful forces in Hong Kong, many international newspaper reporters who have experienced the events in Hong Kong have made completely different reports. However, when international news organizations tried to save people, they were surrounded by most thugs and Hong Kong news media and then beaten. Just because he looks like a Chinese. In this way, we can realize that this is no longer a matter of what the people of Hong Kong want at the beginning. In this way, we can realize that this is no longer a matter of what the people of Hong Kong want at the beginning. At this time, the Hong Kong journalists who reported the incident were no longer journalists, but just one of the mobs with hatred. But unfortunately, a lot of people still believe in the authenticity of the news. They know nothing.

Finally, hope the masses look at news reports with critical eyes. Don't believe blindly or follow blindly. Instead, take your mind to see the event, and make a final judgment after you have a clear understanding of the cause and process of the event.



