**Reading 11**
	
The current stage of global development refers to the increasing role of the information sphere. It is actively influencing the state of political, economic, personal, property, and other components of security, being a system-forming factor in modern society. Thus, advanced information technologies significantly change both the relations structure and the way of people’s thinking. In other words, the interested parties can implement these technologies for manipulation, the imposition of the vantage point, and even for the general discourse changing.

Christopher Wylie, who has disclosed information about collecting personal data from Facebook users by Cambridge Analytica company, claims that cyber operations aimed to collect personal data for further manipulation (Cots). Moreover, militarized tech operations, in combination with psychological impact, have become an efficient tool in the struggle for mastery. Political actors, influential persons, and other interested parties consider informational dominance as a pivotal instrument to impose their ideas.

One of the most surprising points refers to the fact that we are not safe, but informationally insecure, as there are many techniques to steal our information and use it against us. After all, computer technologies allow the interested party to change public consciousness, identifying people’s current position and their interests (Molander sec. 8). They can create an artificial community of people with a particular agenda and attempt to engage them profoundly into it, declaring the core idea. After all, it is essential to know persons’ preferences, adjust their desires, and speak to them personally to influence their choices. Fake news, propaganda, and related techniques imply creating illusions and conditions that make the process of controlling behavior more efficient. As a result, people become to believe in things that do not exist; they trust the fakes, which leads to society’s breakdown.

The manipulation of mass consciousness is a critical element of psychological operations and information warfare. This method is useful because it directly affects the person’s mental structures, deprives the freedom of choice by changing the initial ideas, opinions, motives, and goals of people in other directions. Moreover, the primary purpose of propaganda refers to the mass radicalization of people (Cots). Social channels, such as Facebook and Twitter, aim to destroy trust, and to isolate the person, make them believe the information they obtain without any critical thinking and objectivity.
The interesting point is that hope and fear, that can be subconscious, are fundamental human drivers, when it comes to the sufficient perception of information. As a result, the external forces use powerful psychological weapons, which makes the persons weak, vulnerable, and paranoid. Moreover, even national institutions and infrastructure can be potentially vulnerable elements of such cyber operations (Molander sec. 1). After all, the revolution in cyberspace has affected the general national security strategy. However, the biggest problem refers to the fact that governments have no solid plans for addressing cybercrime issues, and thus the safety of society remains questionable.

The informational warfare, as a new stage in global conflicts, can compare to modernism in the art. After all, modern paintings are the attempt to violate the classical pictorial forms, to establish a new and to adopt radical artistic principles, while information warfare implements new approaches that aim to destroy the prevailed point of view. Thus, we can understand the informational warfare techniques by comparing them to modern art methods because they both have a purpose to replace the existing reality with deceptive meanings.        

Consequently, the information impact is becoming the main lever for managing people, increasingly replacing physical effect, which has been considered an indispensable means of control for millennia. Therefore, one of the main elements of national, public, and personal security refers to information security. After all, information security is a necessary condition for ensuring the interests of a person, society, and the state in the modern world.
