In this book, “How to Do nothing.” Jinny Odell offers her readers permission to just be themselves and avoid all the pressures and expectations that the world puts on them. She encourages readers to shift most of their attention from the materialistic aspects of life and instead, shift it to all the beautiful things that nature has provided the human race through its surroundings. She argues that the everyday struggles to gain possessions and excel in life are making humans not to realize the fullness of life as they should. She encourages readers to take road trips through natural vegetation areas and just marvel all that nature has to offer.
According to her, sometimes it is much more rewarding to engage in an activity without paying too much attention to what one stands to gain from it. This kind of mentality is not common to everyone as most people are only concerned with how much they will gain within a given time period and work effort. She even recommends in the book that if the suggestions she is proposing in the text are taken up and put into practice, political change that is beneficial to the people would follow. She proposes a very uncommon type of retreat where the readers are supposed to avoid posts and sentiments whose design is primarily to increase our productivity. She instead asks readers to become meaningful in counter production and develop a mentality for discovering oneself and going beyond algorithmic description.
The world is at a point where it is believed that money is important and that one should try to make as much of it as possible within the stipulated time to have something to show for it. People struggle to get assignments done on time and even work on self-improvement, but they never remember to just stop for a moment and appreciate nature and allow themselves to get lost in it. She says that people are concerned too much with what other people have to say on social media platforms, but nature has the answers to everything humans can ever want to learn. People are lost into online apps; they seem to want to know everything from online sources instead of finding out by themselves from nature itself.
I agree with Jenny that humans are too absorbed into making money and building their lives to the extent that they forget to notice all the beauty that life has to offer. People rarely do things just for their own satisfaction and wellbeing unless they stand to gain something from the activity. There are people who are obsessed with working and making money all year long. They never take time to participate in leisure activities like watching birds or going on a nature walk just to appreciate the works of nature. The book is an eye opener for people to start focusing on themselves and the world around them.
I agree with the fact that Jenny Odell is opposed to the manner in which companies and other corporate organizations demand too much of people’s attention to a level that they have no time  to engage in activities that just making them happy and relax their minds without necessarily making any money from it. People should realize that life is not all about making money and having possessions. Sometimes a person needs to take a moment and just do nothing, because doing nothing most certainly does so much good to humanity.
