**Reading Response #1**

No, seriously, Art 104 and Krystal South of Identify Yourself, want to discuss identity with me? I was already concerned with philosophies 
on identity since I took PHIL 10 back in the fall of 2019 (which I take as a good thing in this case). And it was a good thing I took that 
class too: PHIL 10 (also known as Introduction to Philosophy) taught me among other lessons, that personal identity is based on memories, 
which means that my own playful Disney memories are what make me Chi Thien Nguyen, of which I am glad to know. Another benefit of my 
know-how on identity is that it makes me think of criteria with which I can compare different people. 

For instance, in Inuyasha: A Feudal Fairy Tale, Rumiko Takahashi’s manga has it that Kagome Higurashi inherits a jewel called the Shikon no 
Tama, because she was born with the reincarnated soul of Kikyo, a deceased priestess, in the first place. But even though I knew that Kikyo 
and Kagome practically share the same soul to the extent I just described, I just didn’t expect this fact, and Inuyasha’s love for Kikyo and
concern for Kagome, to be grounds for a rather controversial love triangle. The good news of all this turmoil, however, is that nobody said 
Kikyo and Kagome should also have the same heart as each other. Since Kikyo’s strong heart is focused on restoring the Shikon Jewel, and 
Kagome’s on her relationships with her friends (including Kikyo), I have faith in my own heart regarding everybody reconciling in the end. 

And now, we can discuss our featured reading itself: the website of Identify Website. As soon as I read that artificially intelligent 
beings should not be trusted for making decisions, I thought I was going to argue with Professor Weizenbaum, remembering and defending my 
old friend Astro Boy, the A.I. robot with human emotions. I wanted to invoke more sci-fi stories in my discussion on identity anyway. Like 
Tron: Legacy in which Kevin Flynn discovers true perfection after creating his program and potential alter ego, CLU 2.0; and how different 
memories in the same program’s body are what set Tron apart from Rinzler. Anyway, to Weizenbaum, deciding are primarily for computers and 
choosing for humans, but my friend Astro is both a human and a robot due to his heart, soul, and physical body, respectively. But at least 
the professor, Astro and I can agree on one thing along with my other friends Mr. Peabody & Sherman. History, memories, and even life 
lessons learned from past mistakes: they are all experiences helping humans to create and improve identities over time. That must be why 
once a person experiences the Internet, it doesn’t want to resume the life of a colonist from the Middle Ages, or the Age of Faith (unless 
that person remains faithful in the worlds of magic, piracy or artistic craftsmanship). Today’s world of modern technology may dictate 
efficient identities of closed and simple minds, but those based exchanges of human characteristics on would remain at the top of this 
old-school game of life. And yes, I thank my cartoon friends for helping me express my opinions (http://idyrself.com/).
